classes/class_textserverfallback.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/text_server_fb/doc_classes/TextServerFallback.xml.

.. _class_TextServerFallback:

TextServerFallback
==================

**Inherits:** :ref:`TextServerExtension<class_TextServerExtension>` **<** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Fallback implementation of the Text Server, without BiDi and complex text layout support.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_textserverfallback.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/text_server_fb/doc_classes/TextServerFallback.xml.

.. _class_TextServerFallback:

TextServerFallback
==================

**Inherits:** :ref:`TextServerExtension<class_TextServerExtension>` **<** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A fallback implementation of Godot's text server, without support for BiDi and complex text layout.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A fallback implementation of Godot's text server. This fallback is faster than :ref:`TextServerAdvanced<class_TextServerAdvanced>` for processing a lot of text, but it does not support BiDi and complex text layout.

\ **Note:** This text server is not part of official Godot binaries. If you want to use it, compile the engine with the option ``module_text_server_fb_enabled=yes``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
