classes/class_animationnodesync.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeSync.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeSync:

AnimationNodeSync
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AnimationNodeAdd2<class_AnimationNodeAdd2>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeAdd3<class_AnimationNodeAdd3>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeBlend2<class_AnimationNodeBlend2>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeBlend3<class_AnimationNodeBlend3>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeOneShot<class_AnimationNodeOneShot>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeTransition<class_AnimationNodeTransition>`

The base class for :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` which has more than two input ports and needs to synchronize them.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`sync<class_AnimationNodeSync_property_sync>` | ``false`` |
   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_AnimationNodeSync_property_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **sync** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_use_sync** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_using_sync** **(** **)**

If ``false``, the blended animations' frame are stopped when the blend value is ``0``.

If ``true``, forcing the blended animations to advance frame.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (c64afeb)

classes/class_animationnodesync.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeSync.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeSync:

AnimationNodeSync
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AnimationNodeAdd2<class_AnimationNodeAdd2>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeAdd3<class_AnimationNodeAdd3>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeBlend2<class_AnimationNodeBlend2>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeBlend3<class_AnimationNodeBlend3>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeOneShot<class_AnimationNodeOneShot>`, :ref:`AnimationNodeTransition<class_AnimationNodeTransition>`

Base class for :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>`\ s with more than two input ports that must be synchronized.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

An animation node used to combine, mix, or blend two or more animations together while keeping them synchronized within an :ref:`AnimationTree<class_AnimationTree>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`sync<class_AnimationNodeSync_property_sync>` | ``false`` |
   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_AnimationNodeSync_property_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **sync** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_use_sync** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_using_sync** **(** **)**

If ``false``, the blended animations' frame are stopped when the blend value is ``0``.

If ``true``, forcing the blended animations to advance frame.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
