classes/class_cubemaparray.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/CubemapArray.xml.

.. _class_CubemapArray:

CubemapArray
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`ImageTextureLayered<class_ImageTextureLayered>` **<** :ref:`TextureLayered<class_TextureLayered>` **<** :ref:`Texture<class_Texture>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A single composite texture resource which consists of multiple :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**CubemapArray**\ s are made of an array of :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s. Accordingly, like :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s they are made of multiple textures the amount of which must be divisible by 6 (one image for each face of the cube). The primary benefit of **CubemapArray**\ s is that they can be accessed in shader code using a single texture reference. In other words, you can pass multiple :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s into a shader using a single **CubemapArray**.

Generally, **CubemapArray**\ s provide a more efficient way for storing multiple :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s compared to storing multiple :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s themselves in an array.

Internally, Godot uses **CubemapArray**\ s for many effects including the :ref:`Sky<class_Sky>`, if you set :ref:`ProjectSettings.rendering/reflections/sky_reflections/texture_array_reflections<class_ProjectSettings_property_rendering/reflections/sky_reflections/texture_array_reflections>` to ``true``.

To create such a texture file yourself, reimport your image files using the Godot Editor import presets.

\ **Note:** **CubemapArray** is not supported in the OpenGL 3 rendering backend.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` | :ref:`create_placeholder<class_CubemapArray_method_create_placeholder>` **(** **)** |const| |
   +---------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_CubemapArray_method_create_placeholder:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **create_placeholder** **(** **)** |const|

Creates a placeholder version of this resource (:ref:`PlaceholderCubemapArray<class_PlaceholderCubemapArray>`).

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_cubemaparray.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/CubemapArray.xml.

.. _class_CubemapArray:

CubemapArray
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`ImageTextureLayered<class_ImageTextureLayered>` **<** :ref:`TextureLayered<class_TextureLayered>` **<** :ref:`Texture<class_Texture>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

An array of :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s, stored together and with a single reference.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**CubemapArray**\ s are made of an array of :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s. Like :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s, they are made of multiple textures, the amount of which must be divisible by 6 (one for each face of the cube). The primary benefit of **CubemapArray**\ s is that they can be accessed in shader code using a single texture reference. In other words, you can pass multiple :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s into a shader using a single **CubemapArray**.

Moreover, :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s are allocated in adjacent cache regions on the GPU. This makes **CubemapArray**\ s the most efficient way to store multiple :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`\ s.

Internally, Godot uses **CubemapArray**\ s for many effects, including the :ref:`Sky<class_Sky>` if you set :ref:`ProjectSettings.rendering/reflections/sky_reflections/texture_array_reflections<class_ProjectSettings_property_rendering/reflections/sky_reflections/texture_array_reflections>` to ``true``.

To create such a texture file yourself, reimport your image files using the import presets of the File System dock.

\ **Note:** **CubemapArray** is not supported in the OpenGL 3 rendering backend.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` | :ref:`create_placeholder<class_CubemapArray_method_create_placeholder>` **(** **)** |const| |
   +---------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_CubemapArray_method_create_placeholder:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **create_placeholder** **(** **)** |const|

Creates a placeholder version of this resource (:ref:`PlaceholderCubemapArray<class_PlaceholderCubemapArray>`).

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
