classes/class_rdpipelinemultisamplestate.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDPipelineMultisampleState.xml.

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState:

RDPipelineMultisampleState
==========================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`enable_alpha_to_coverage<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_coverage>` | ``false`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`enable_alpha_to_one<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_one>`           | ``false`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`enable_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading>`       | ``false`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`min_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_min_sample_shading>`             | ``0.0``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` | :ref:`sample_count<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_count>`                         | ``0``     |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`int[]<class_int>`                                    | :ref:`sample_masks<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_masks>`                         | ``[]``    |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_coverage:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_alpha_to_coverage** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_alpha_to_coverage** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_alpha_to_coverage** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_one:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_alpha_to_one** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_alpha_to_one** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_alpha_to_one** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_sample_shading** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_sample_shading** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_sample_shading** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_min_sample_shading:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **min_sample_shading** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_min_sample_shading** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_min_sample_shading** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **sample_count** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sample_count** **(** :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **get_sample_count** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_masks:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int[]<class_int>` **sample_masks** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sample_masks** **(** :ref:`int[]<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int[]<class_int>` **get_sample_masks** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (c64afeb)

classes/class_rdpipelinemultisamplestate.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDPipelineMultisampleState.xml.

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState:

RDPipelineMultisampleState
==========================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Pipeline multisample state (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**RDPipelineMultisampleState** is used to control how multisample or supersample antialiasing is being performed when rendering using :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`enable_alpha_to_coverage<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_coverage>` | ``false`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`enable_alpha_to_one<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_one>`           | ``false`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`enable_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading>`       | ``false`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`min_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_min_sample_shading>`             | ``0.0``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` | :ref:`sample_count<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_count>`                         | ``0``     |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`int[]<class_int>`                                    | :ref:`sample_masks<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_masks>`                         | ``[]``    |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_coverage:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_alpha_to_coverage** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_alpha_to_coverage** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_alpha_to_coverage** **(** **)**

If ``true``, alpha to coverage is enabled. This generates a temporary coverage value based on the alpha component of the fragment's first color output. This allows alpha transparency to make use of multisample antialiasing.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_one:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_alpha_to_one** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_alpha_to_one** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_alpha_to_one** **(** **)**

If ``true``, alpha is forced to either ``0.0`` or ``1.0``. This allows hardening the edges of antialiased alpha transparencies. Only relevant if :ref:`enable_alpha_to_coverage<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_alpha_to_coverage>` is ``true``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_sample_shading** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_sample_shading** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_sample_shading** **(** **)**

If ``true``, enables per-sample shading which replaces MSAA by SSAA. This provides higher quality antialiasing that works with transparent (alpha scissor) edges. This has a very high performance cost. See also :ref:`min_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_min_sample_shading>`. See the `per-sample shading Vulkan documentation <https://registry.khronos.org/vulkan/specs/1.3-extensions/html/vkspec.html#primsrast-sampleshading>`__ for more details.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_min_sample_shading:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **min_sample_shading** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_min_sample_shading** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_min_sample_shading** **(** **)**

The multiplier of :ref:`sample_count<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_count>` that determines how many samples are performed for each fragment. Must be between ``0.0`` and ``1.0`` (inclusive). Only effective if :ref:`enable_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading>` is ``true``. If :ref:`min_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_min_sample_shading>` is ``1.0``, fragment invocation must only read from the coverage index sample. Tile image access must not be used if :ref:`enable_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading>` is *not* ``1.0``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **sample_count** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sample_count** **(** :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **get_sample_count** **(** **)**

The number of MSAA samples (or SSAA samples if :ref:`enable_sample_shading<class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_enable_sample_shading>` is ``true``) to perform. Higher values result in better antialiasing, at the cost of performance.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineMultisampleState_property_sample_masks:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int[]<class_int>` **sample_masks** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sample_masks** **(** :ref:`int[]<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int[]<class_int>` **get_sample_masks** **(** **)**

The sampleSee the `sample mask Vulkan documentation <https://registry.khronos.org/vulkan/specs/1.3-extensions/html/vkspec.html#fragops-samplemask>`__ for more details.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
