classes/class_textserveradvanced.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/text_server_adv/doc_classes/TextServerAdvanced.xml.

.. _class_TextServerAdvanced:

TextServerAdvanced
==================

**Inherits:** :ref:`TextServerExtension<class_TextServerExtension>` **<** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Text Server using HarfBuzz, ICU and SIL Graphite to support BiDi, complex text layouts and contextual OpenType features.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_textserveradvanced.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/text_server_adv/doc_classes/TextServerAdvanced.xml.

.. _class_TextServerAdvanced:

TextServerAdvanced
==================

**Inherits:** :ref:`TextServerExtension<class_TextServerExtension>` **<** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

An advanced text server with support for BiDi, complex text layout, and contextual OpenType features. Used in Godot by default.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

An implementation of :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` that uses HarfBuzz, ICU and SIL Graphite to support BiDi, complex text layouts and contextual OpenType features. This is Godot's default primary :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
