classes/class_editorundoredomanager.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/EditorUndoRedoManager.xml.

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager:

EditorUndoRedoManager
=====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Manages undo history of scenes opened in the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**EditorUndoRedoManager** is a manager for :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` objects associated with edited scenes. Each scene has its own undo history and **EditorUndoRedoManager** ensures that each action performed in the editor gets associated with a proper scene. For actions not related to scenes (:ref:`ProjectSettings<class_ProjectSettings>` edits, external resources, etc.), a separate global history is used.

The usage is mostly the same as :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>`. You create and commit actions and the manager automatically decides under-the-hood what scenes it belongs to. The scene is deduced based on the first operation in an action, using the object from the operation. The rules are as follows:

- If the object is a :ref:`Node<class_Node>`, use the currently edited scene;

- If the object is a built-in resource, use the scene from its path;

- If the object is external resource or anything else, use global history.

This guessing can sometimes yield false results, so you can provide a custom context object when creating an action.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_do_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_method>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|                                              |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_do_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_property>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**                 |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_do_reference<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_reference>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**                                                                                                  |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_undo_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_method>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|                                          |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_undo_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_property>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**             |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_undo_reference<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_reference>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**                                                                                              |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`commit_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action>` **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` execute=true **)**                                                                                                      |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`create_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_create_action>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name, :ref:`MergeMode<enum_UndoRedo_MergeMode>` merge_mode=0, :ref:`Object<class_Object>` custom_context=null **)** |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` | :ref:`get_history_undo_redo<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_history_undo_redo>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                                                                                          |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`get_object_history_id<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_object_history_id>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)** |const|                                                                                |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`         | :ref:`is_committing_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_is_committing_action>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                                                     |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_signal_history_changed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**history_changed** **(** **)**

Emitted when the list of actions in any history has changed, either when an action is committed or a history is cleared.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_signal_version_changed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**version_changed** **(** **)**

Emitted when the version of any history has changed as a result of undo or redo call.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **SpecialHistory**:

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_constant_GLOBAL_HISTORY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>` **GLOBAL_HISTORY** = ``0``

Global history not associated with any scene, but with external resources etc.

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_constant_REMOTE_HISTORY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>` **REMOTE_HISTORY** = ``-9``

History associated with remote inspector. Used when live editing a running project.

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_constant_INVALID_HISTORY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>` **INVALID_HISTORY** = ``-99``

Invalid "null" history. It's a special value, not associated with any object.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_method:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_do_method** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|

Register a method that will be called when the action is committed (i.e. the "do" action).

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_do_property** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**

Register a property value change for "do".

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_reference:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_do_reference** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**

Register a reference for "do" that will be erased if the "do" history is lost. This is useful mostly for new nodes created for the "do" call. Do not use for resources.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_method:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_undo_method** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|

Register a method that will be called when the action is undone (i.e. the "undo" action).

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_undo_property** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**

Register a property value change for "undo".

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_reference:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_undo_reference** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**

Register a reference for "undo" that will be erased if the "undo" history is lost. This is useful mostly for nodes removed with the "do" call (not the "undo" call!).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **commit_action** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` execute=true **)**

Commit the action. If ``execute`` is true (default), all "do" methods/properties are called/set when this function is called.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_create_action:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **create_action** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name, :ref:`MergeMode<enum_UndoRedo_MergeMode>` merge_mode=0, :ref:`Object<class_Object>` custom_context=null **)**

Create a new action. After this is called, do all your calls to :ref:`add_do_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_method>`, :ref:`add_undo_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_method>`, :ref:`add_do_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_property>`, and :ref:`add_undo_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_property>`, then commit the action with :ref:`commit_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action>`.

The way actions are merged is dictated by the ``merge_mode`` argument. See :ref:`MergeMode<enum_UndoRedo_MergeMode>` for details.

If ``custom_context`` object is provided, it will be used for deducing target history (instead of using the first operation).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_history_undo_redo:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` **get_history_undo_redo** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Returns the :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` object associated with the given history ``id``.

\ ``id`` above ``0`` are mapped to the opened scene tabs (but it doesn't match their order). ``id`` of ``0`` or lower have special meaning (see :ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>`).

Best used with :ref:`get_object_history_id<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_object_history_id>`. This method is only provided in case you need some more advanced methods of :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` (but keep in mind that directly operating on the :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` object might affect editor's stability).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_object_history_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_object_history_id** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)** |const|

Returns the history ID deduced from the given ``object``. It can be used with :ref:`get_history_undo_redo<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_history_undo_redo>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_is_committing_action:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_committing_action** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the **EditorUndoRedoManager** is currently committing the action, i.e. running its "do" method or property change (see :ref:`commit_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action>`).

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_editorundoredomanager.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/EditorUndoRedoManager.xml.

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager:

EditorUndoRedoManager
=====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Manages undo history of scenes opened in the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**EditorUndoRedoManager** is a manager for :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` objects associated with edited scenes. Each scene has its own undo history and **EditorUndoRedoManager** ensures that each action performed in the editor gets associated with a proper scene. For actions not related to scenes (:ref:`ProjectSettings<class_ProjectSettings>` edits, external resources, etc.), a separate global history is used.

The usage is mostly the same as :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>`. You create and commit actions and the manager automatically decides under-the-hood what scenes it belongs to. The scene is deduced based on the first operation in an action, using the object from the operation. The rules are as follows:

- If the object is a :ref:`Node<class_Node>`, use the currently edited scene;

- If the object is a built-in resource, use the scene from its path;

- If the object is external resource or anything else, use global history.

This guessing can sometimes yield false results, so you can provide a custom context object when creating an action.

\ **EditorUndoRedoManager** is intended to be used by Godot editor plugins. You can obtain it using :ref:`EditorPlugin.get_undo_redo<class_EditorPlugin_method_get_undo_redo>`. For non-editor uses or plugins that don't need to integrate with the editor's undo history, use :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` instead.

The manager's API is mostly the same as in :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>`, so you can refer to its documentation for more examples. The main difference is that **EditorUndoRedoManager** uses object + method name for actions, instead of :ref:`Callable<class_Callable>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_do_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_method>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|                                              |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_do_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_property>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**                 |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_do_reference<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_reference>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**                                                                                                  |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_undo_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_method>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|                                          |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_undo_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_property>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**             |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`add_undo_reference<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_reference>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**                                                                                              |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`commit_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action>` **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` execute=true **)**                                                                                                      |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                            | :ref:`create_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_create_action>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name, :ref:`MergeMode<enum_UndoRedo_MergeMode>` merge_mode=0, :ref:`Object<class_Object>` custom_context=null **)** |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` | :ref:`get_history_undo_redo<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_history_undo_redo>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                                                                                          |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`get_object_history_id<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_object_history_id>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)** |const|                                                                                |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`         | :ref:`is_committing_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_is_committing_action>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                                                     |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_signal_history_changed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**history_changed** **(** **)**

Emitted when the list of actions in any history has changed, either when an action is committed or a history is cleared.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_signal_version_changed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**version_changed** **(** **)**

Emitted when the version of any history has changed as a result of undo or redo call.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **SpecialHistory**:

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_constant_GLOBAL_HISTORY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>` **GLOBAL_HISTORY** = ``0``

Global history not associated with any scene, but with external resources etc.

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_constant_REMOTE_HISTORY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>` **REMOTE_HISTORY** = ``-9``

History associated with remote inspector. Used when live editing a running project.

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_constant_INVALID_HISTORY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>` **INVALID_HISTORY** = ``-99``

Invalid "null" history. It's a special value, not associated with any object.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_method:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_do_method** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|

Register a method that will be called when the action is committed (i.e. the "do" action).

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_do_property** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**

Register a property value change for "do".

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_reference:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_do_reference** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**

Register a reference for "do" that will be erased if the "do" history is lost. This is useful mostly for new nodes created for the "do" call. Do not use for resources.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_method:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_undo_method** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` method, ... **)** |vararg|

Register a method that will be called when the action is undone (i.e. the "undo" action).

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_undo_property** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property, :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` value **)**

Register a property value change for "undo".

If this is the first operation, the ``object`` will be used to deduce target undo history.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_reference:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_undo_reference** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)**

Register a reference for "undo" that will be erased if the "undo" history is lost. This is useful mostly for nodes removed with the "do" call (not the "undo" call!).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **commit_action** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` execute=true **)**

Commit the action. If ``execute`` is true (default), all "do" methods/properties are called/set when this function is called.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_create_action:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **create_action** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name, :ref:`MergeMode<enum_UndoRedo_MergeMode>` merge_mode=0, :ref:`Object<class_Object>` custom_context=null **)**

Create a new action. After this is called, do all your calls to :ref:`add_do_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_method>`, :ref:`add_undo_method<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_method>`, :ref:`add_do_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_do_property>`, and :ref:`add_undo_property<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_add_undo_property>`, then commit the action with :ref:`commit_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action>`.

The way actions are merged is dictated by the ``merge_mode`` argument. See :ref:`MergeMode<enum_UndoRedo_MergeMode>` for details.

If ``custom_context`` object is provided, it will be used for deducing target history (instead of using the first operation).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_history_undo_redo:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` **get_history_undo_redo** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Returns the :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` object associated with the given history ``id``.

\ ``id`` above ``0`` are mapped to the opened scene tabs (but it doesn't match their order). ``id`` of ``0`` or lower have special meaning (see :ref:`SpecialHistory<enum_EditorUndoRedoManager_SpecialHistory>`).

Best used with :ref:`get_object_history_id<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_object_history_id>`. This method is only provided in case you need some more advanced methods of :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` (but keep in mind that directly operating on the :ref:`UndoRedo<class_UndoRedo>` object might affect editor's stability).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_object_history_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_object_history_id** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` object **)** |const|

Returns the history ID deduced from the given ``object``. It can be used with :ref:`get_history_undo_redo<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_get_history_undo_redo>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_is_committing_action:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_committing_action** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the **EditorUndoRedoManager** is currently committing the action, i.e. running its "do" method or property change (see :ref:`commit_action<class_EditorUndoRedoManager_method_commit_action>`).

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
