classes/class_linkbutton.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/LinkButton.xml.

.. _class_LinkButton:

LinkButton
==========

**Inherits:** :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Simple button used to represent a link to some resource.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This kind of button is primarily used when the interaction with the button causes a context change (like linking to a web page).

See also :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` which contains common properties and methods associated with this node.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`FocusMode<enum_Control_FocusMode>`                          | focus_mode                                                                                                    | ``0`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_focus_mode>`)                 |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                       | :ref:`language<class_LinkButton_property_language>`                                                           | ``""``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`CursorShape<enum_Control_CursorShape>`                      | mouse_default_cursor_shape                                                                                    | ``2`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_mouse_default_cursor_shape>`) |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` | :ref:`structured_text_bidi_override<class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override>`                 | ``0``                                                                               |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Array<class_Array>`                                         | :ref:`structured_text_bidi_override_options<class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override_options>` | ``[]``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                       | :ref:`text<class_LinkButton_property_text>`                                                                   | ``""``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>`                  | :ref:`text_direction<class_LinkButton_property_text_direction>`                                               | ``0``                                                                               |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>`               | :ref:`underline<class_LinkButton_property_underline>`                                                         | ``0``                                                                               |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                       | :ref:`uri<class_LinkButton_property_uri>`                                                                     | ``""``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_color>`                  | ``Color(0.875, 0.875, 0.875, 1)`` |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_focus_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_focus_color>`      | ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``    |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_hover_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_hover_color>`      | ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``    |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_outline_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_outline_color>`  | ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_pressed_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_pressed_color>`  | ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`outline_size<class_LinkButton_theme_constant_outline_size>`           | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`underline_spacing<class_LinkButton_theme_constant_underline_spacing>` | ``2``                             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Font<class_Font>`         | :ref:`font<class_LinkButton_theme_font_font>`                               |                                   |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`font_size<class_LinkButton_theme_font_size_font_size>`                |                                   |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` | :ref:`focus<class_LinkButton_theme_style_focus>`                            |                                   |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **UnderlineMode**:

.. _class_LinkButton_constant_UNDERLINE_MODE_ALWAYS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **UNDERLINE_MODE_ALWAYS** = ``0``

The LinkButton will always show an underline at the bottom of its text.

.. _class_LinkButton_constant_UNDERLINE_MODE_ON_HOVER:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **UNDERLINE_MODE_ON_HOVER** = ``1``

The LinkButton will show an underline at the bottom of its text when the mouse cursor is over it.

.. _class_LinkButton_constant_UNDERLINE_MODE_NEVER:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **UNDERLINE_MODE_NEVER** = ``2``

The LinkButton will never show an underline at the bottom of its text.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_LinkButton_property_language:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **language** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_language** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_language** **(** **)**

Language code used for line-breaking and text shaping algorithms, if left empty current locale is used instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` **structured_text_bidi_override** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_structured_text_bidi_override** **(** :ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` value **)**
- :ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` **get_structured_text_bidi_override** **(** **)**

Set BiDi algorithm override for the structured text.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override_options:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Array<class_Array>` **structured_text_bidi_override_options** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_structured_text_bidi_override_options** **(** :ref:`Array<class_Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`Array<class_Array>` **get_structured_text_bidi_override_options** **(** **)**

Set additional options for BiDi override.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_text:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **text** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_text** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_text** **(** **)**

The button's text that will be displayed inside the button's area.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_text_direction:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>` **text_direction** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_text_direction** **(** :ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>` **get_text_direction** **(** **)**

Base text writing direction.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_underline:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **underline** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_underline_mode** **(** :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **get_underline_mode** **(** **)**

The underline mode to use for the text. See :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` for the available modes.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_uri:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **uri** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_uri** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_uri** **(** **)**

The `URI <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier>`__ for this **LinkButton**. If set to a valid URI, pressing the button opens the URI using the operating system's default program for the protocol (via :ref:`OS.shell_open<class_OS_method_shell_open>`). HTTP and HTTPS URLs open the default web browser.

\ **Examples:**\ 


.. tabs::

 .. code-tab:: gdscript

    uri = "https://godotengine.org"  # Opens the URL in the default web browser.
    uri = "C:\SomeFolder"  # Opens the file explorer at the given path.
    uri = "C:\SomeImage.png"  # Opens the given image in the default viewing app.

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    Uri = "https://godotengine.org"; // Opens the URL in the default web browser.
    Uri = "C:\SomeFolder"; // Opens the file explorer at the given path.
    Uri = "C:\SomeImage.png"; // Opens the given image in the default viewing app.



.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_color** = ``Color(0.875, 0.875, 0.875, 1)``

Default text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the **LinkButton**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_focus_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_focus_color** = ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``

Text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` used when the **LinkButton** is focused. Only replaces the normal text color of the button. Disabled, hovered, and pressed states take precedence over this color.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_hover_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_hover_color** = ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``

Text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` used when the **LinkButton** is being hovered.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_outline_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_outline_color** = ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``

The tint of text outline of the **LinkButton**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_pressed_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_pressed_color** = ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``

Text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` used when the **LinkButton** is being pressed.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_constant_outline_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **outline_size** = ``0``

The size of the text outline.

\ **Note:** If using a font with :ref:`FontFile.multichannel_signed_distance_field<class_FontFile_property_multichannel_signed_distance_field>` enabled, its :ref:`FontFile.msdf_pixel_range<class_FontFile_property_msdf_pixel_range>` must be set to at least *twice* the value of :ref:`outline_size<class_LinkButton_theme_constant_outline_size>` for outline rendering to look correct. Otherwise, the outline may appear to be cut off earlier than intended.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_constant_underline_spacing:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **underline_spacing** = ``2``

The vertical space between the baseline of text and the underline.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_font_font:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Font<class_Font>` **font**

:ref:`Font<class_Font>` of the **LinkButton**'s text.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_font_size_font_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **font_size**

Font size of the **LinkButton**'s text.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_style_focus:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **focus**

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` used when the **LinkButton** is focused. The ``focus`` :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` is displayed *over* the base :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`, so a partially transparent :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` should be used to ensure the base :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` remains visible. A :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` that represents an outline or an underline works well for this purpose. To disable the focus visual effect, assign a :ref:`StyleBoxEmpty<class_StyleBoxEmpty>` resource. Note that disabling the focus visual effect will harm keyboard/controller navigation usability, so this is not recommended for accessibility reasons.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_linkbutton.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/LinkButton.xml.

.. _class_LinkButton:

LinkButton
==========

**Inherits:** :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A button that represents a link.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A button that represents a link. This type of button is primarily used for interactions that cause a context change (like linking to a web page).

See also :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` which contains common properties and methods associated with this node.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`FocusMode<enum_Control_FocusMode>`                          | focus_mode                                                                                                    | ``0`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_focus_mode>`)                 |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                       | :ref:`language<class_LinkButton_property_language>`                                                           | ``""``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`CursorShape<enum_Control_CursorShape>`                      | mouse_default_cursor_shape                                                                                    | ``2`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_mouse_default_cursor_shape>`) |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` | :ref:`structured_text_bidi_override<class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override>`                 | ``0``                                                                               |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Array<class_Array>`                                         | :ref:`structured_text_bidi_override_options<class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override_options>` | ``[]``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                       | :ref:`text<class_LinkButton_property_text>`                                                                   | ``""``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>`                  | :ref:`text_direction<class_LinkButton_property_text_direction>`                                               | ``0``                                                                               |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>`               | :ref:`underline<class_LinkButton_property_underline>`                                                         | ``0``                                                                               |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                       | :ref:`uri<class_LinkButton_property_uri>`                                                                     | ``""``                                                                              |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_color>`                  | ``Color(0.875, 0.875, 0.875, 1)`` |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_focus_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_focus_color>`      | ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``    |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_hover_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_hover_color>`      | ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``    |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_outline_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_outline_color>`  | ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`       | :ref:`font_pressed_color<class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_pressed_color>`  | ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`outline_size<class_LinkButton_theme_constant_outline_size>`           | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`underline_spacing<class_LinkButton_theme_constant_underline_spacing>` | ``2``                             |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Font<class_Font>`         | :ref:`font<class_LinkButton_theme_font_font>`                               |                                   |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`font_size<class_LinkButton_theme_font_size_font_size>`                |                                   |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` | :ref:`focus<class_LinkButton_theme_style_focus>`                            |                                   |
   +---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **UnderlineMode**:

.. _class_LinkButton_constant_UNDERLINE_MODE_ALWAYS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **UNDERLINE_MODE_ALWAYS** = ``0``

The LinkButton will always show an underline at the bottom of its text.

.. _class_LinkButton_constant_UNDERLINE_MODE_ON_HOVER:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **UNDERLINE_MODE_ON_HOVER** = ``1``

The LinkButton will show an underline at the bottom of its text when the mouse cursor is over it.

.. _class_LinkButton_constant_UNDERLINE_MODE_NEVER:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **UNDERLINE_MODE_NEVER** = ``2``

The LinkButton will never show an underline at the bottom of its text.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_LinkButton_property_language:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **language** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_language** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_language** **(** **)**

Language code used for line-breaking and text shaping algorithms, if left empty current locale is used instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` **structured_text_bidi_override** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_structured_text_bidi_override** **(** :ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` value **)**
- :ref:`StructuredTextParser<enum_TextServer_StructuredTextParser>` **get_structured_text_bidi_override** **(** **)**

Set BiDi algorithm override for the structured text.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_structured_text_bidi_override_options:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Array<class_Array>` **structured_text_bidi_override_options** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_structured_text_bidi_override_options** **(** :ref:`Array<class_Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`Array<class_Array>` **get_structured_text_bidi_override_options** **(** **)**

Set additional options for BiDi override.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_text:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **text** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_text** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_text** **(** **)**

The button's text that will be displayed inside the button's area.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_text_direction:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>` **text_direction** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_text_direction** **(** :ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextDirection<enum_Control_TextDirection>` **get_text_direction** **(** **)**

Base text writing direction.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_underline:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **underline** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_underline_mode** **(** :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` **get_underline_mode** **(** **)**

The underline mode to use for the text. See :ref:`UnderlineMode<enum_LinkButton_UnderlineMode>` for the available modes.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_property_uri:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **uri** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_uri** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_uri** **(** **)**

The `URI <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier>`__ for this **LinkButton**. If set to a valid URI, pressing the button opens the URI using the operating system's default program for the protocol (via :ref:`OS.shell_open<class_OS_method_shell_open>`). HTTP and HTTPS URLs open the default web browser.

\ **Examples:**\ 


.. tabs::

 .. code-tab:: gdscript

    uri = "https://godotengine.org"  # Opens the URL in the default web browser.
    uri = "C:\SomeFolder"  # Opens the file explorer at the given path.
    uri = "C:\SomeImage.png"  # Opens the given image in the default viewing app.

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    Uri = "https://godotengine.org"; // Opens the URL in the default web browser.
    Uri = "C:\SomeFolder"; // Opens the file explorer at the given path.
    Uri = "C:\SomeImage.png"; // Opens the given image in the default viewing app.



.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_color** = ``Color(0.875, 0.875, 0.875, 1)``

Default text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the **LinkButton**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_focus_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_focus_color** = ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``

Text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` used when the **LinkButton** is focused. Only replaces the normal text color of the button. Disabled, hovered, and pressed states take precedence over this color.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_hover_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_hover_color** = ``Color(0.95, 0.95, 0.95, 1)``

Text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` used when the **LinkButton** is being hovered.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_outline_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_outline_color** = ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``

The tint of text outline of the **LinkButton**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_color_font_pressed_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **font_pressed_color** = ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``

Text :ref:`Color<class_Color>` used when the **LinkButton** is being pressed.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_constant_outline_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **outline_size** = ``0``

The size of the text outline.

\ **Note:** If using a font with :ref:`FontFile.multichannel_signed_distance_field<class_FontFile_property_multichannel_signed_distance_field>` enabled, its :ref:`FontFile.msdf_pixel_range<class_FontFile_property_msdf_pixel_range>` must be set to at least *twice* the value of :ref:`outline_size<class_LinkButton_theme_constant_outline_size>` for outline rendering to look correct. Otherwise, the outline may appear to be cut off earlier than intended.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_constant_underline_spacing:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **underline_spacing** = ``2``

The vertical space between the baseline of text and the underline.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_font_font:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Font<class_Font>` **font**

:ref:`Font<class_Font>` of the **LinkButton**'s text.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_font_size_font_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **font_size**

Font size of the **LinkButton**'s text.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_LinkButton_theme_style_focus:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **focus**

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` used when the **LinkButton** is focused. The ``focus`` :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` is displayed *over* the base :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`, so a partially transparent :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` should be used to ensure the base :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` remains visible. A :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` that represents an outline or an underline works well for this purpose. To disable the focus visual effect, assign a :ref:`StyleBoxEmpty<class_StyleBoxEmpty>` resource. Note that disabling the focus visual effect will harm keyboard/controller navigation usability, so this is not recommended for accessibility reasons.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
