classes/class_physicsserver3drenderingserverhandler.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler.xml.

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler:

PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler
=====================================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`_set_aabb<class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_aabb>` **(** :ref:`AABB<class_AABB>` aabb **)** |virtual|                              |
   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`_set_normal<class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_normal>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* normals **)** |virtual|  |
   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`_set_vertex<class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_vertex>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* vertices **)** |virtual| |
   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_aabb:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_set_aabb** **(** :ref:`AABB<class_AABB>` aabb **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_normal:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_set_normal** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* normals **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_vertex:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_set_vertex** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* vertices **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_physicsserver3drenderingserverhandler.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler.xml.

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler:

PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler
=====================================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A class used to provide :ref:`PhysicsServer3DExtension._soft_body_update_rendering_server<class_PhysicsServer3DExtension_method__soft_body_update_rendering_server>` with a rendering handler for soft bodies.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`_set_aabb<class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_aabb>` **(** :ref:`AABB<class_AABB>` aabb **)** |virtual|                              |
   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`_set_normal<class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_normal>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* normals **)** |virtual|  |
   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`_set_vertex<class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_vertex>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* vertices **)** |virtual| |
   +------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_aabb:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_set_aabb** **(** :ref:`AABB<class_AABB>` aabb **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_normal:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_set_normal** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* normals **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsServer3DRenderingServerHandler_method__set_vertex:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_set_vertex** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` vertex_id, const void* vertices **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
