classes/class_rdtextureview.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDTextureView.xml.

.. _class_RDTextureView:

RDTextureView
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>`         | :ref:`format_override<class_RDTextureView_property_format_override>` | ``218`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_a<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_a>`             | ``6``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_b<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_b>`             | ``5``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_g<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_g>`             | ``4``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_r<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_r>`             | ``3``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_format_override:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **format_override** = ``218``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format_override** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` value **)**
- :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **get_format_override** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_a:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_a** = ``6``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_a** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_a** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_b:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_b** = ``5``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_b** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_b** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_g:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_g** = ``4``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_g** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_g** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_r:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_r** = ``3``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_r** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_r** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (c64afeb)

classes/class_rdtextureview.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDTextureView.xml.

.. _class_RDTextureView:

RDTextureView
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Texture view (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>`         | :ref:`format_override<class_RDTextureView_property_format_override>` | ``218`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_a<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_a>`             | ``6``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_b<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_b>`             | ``5``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_g<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_g>`             | ``4``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` | :ref:`swizzle_r<class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_r>`             | ``3``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+---------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_format_override:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **format_override** = ``218``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format_override** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` value **)**
- :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **get_format_override** **(** **)**

Optional override for the data format to return sampled values in. The default value of :ref:`RenderingDevice.DATA_FORMAT_MAX<class_RenderingDevice_constant_DATA_FORMAT_MAX>` does not override the format.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_a:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_a** = ``6``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_a** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_a** **(** **)**

The channel to sample when sampling the alpha channel.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_b:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_b** = ``5``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_b** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_b** **(** **)**

The channel to sample when sampling the blue color channel.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_g:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_g** = ``4``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_g** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_g** **(** **)**

The channel to sample when sampling the green color channel.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureView_property_swizzle_r:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **swizzle_r** = ``3``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_swizzle_r** **(** :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSwizzle<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSwizzle>` **get_swizzle_r** **(** **)**

The channel to sample when sampling the red color channel.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
