classes/class_shaderinclude.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ShaderInclude.xml.

.. _class_ShaderInclude:

ShaderInclude
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`code<class_ShaderInclude_property_code>` | ``""`` |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ShaderInclude_property_code:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **code** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_code** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_code** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (031aa99)

classes/class_shaderinclude.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ShaderInclude.xml.

.. _class_ShaderInclude:

ShaderInclude
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A snippet of shader code to be included in a :ref:`Shader<class_Shader>` with ``#include``.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A shader include file, saved with the ``.gdshaderinc`` extension. This class allows you to define a custom shader snippet that can be included in a :ref:`Shader<class_Shader>` by using the preprocessor directive ``#include``, followed by the file path (e.g. ``#include "res://shader_lib.gdshaderinc"``). The snippet doesn't have to be a valid shader on its own.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Shader preprocessor <../tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shader_preprocessor>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`code<class_ShaderInclude_property_code>` | ``""`` |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ShaderInclude_property_code:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **code** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_code** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_code** **(** **)**

Returns the code of the shader include file. The returned text is what the user has written, not the full generated code used internally.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
