classes/class_physicsdirectspacestate2dextension.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension.xml.

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension:

PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension
==================================

**Inherits:** :ref:`PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_cast_motion<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__cast_motion>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, float* closest_safe, float* closest_unsafe **)** |virtual|                                             |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_collide_shape<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__collide_shape>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, void* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results, int32_t* result_count **)** |virtual|            |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`   | :ref:`_intersect_point<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_point>` **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` position, :ref:`int<class_int>` canvas_instance_id, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual|                                                                        |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_intersect_ray<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_ray>` **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` to, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` hit_from_inside, PhysicsServer2DExtensionRayResult* result **)** |virtual|                                                                                     |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`   | :ref:`_intersect_shape<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_shape>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* result, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual| |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_rest_info<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__rest_info>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeRestInfo* rest_info **)** |virtual|                                           |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`is_body_excluded_from_query<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method_is_body_excluded_from_query>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` body **)** |const|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__cast_motion:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_cast_motion** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, float* closest_safe, float* closest_unsafe **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__collide_shape:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_collide_shape** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, void* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results, int32_t* result_count **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_point:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **_intersect_point** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` position, :ref:`int<class_int>` canvas_instance_id, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_ray:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_intersect_ray** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` to, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` hit_from_inside, PhysicsServer2DExtensionRayResult* result **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_shape:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **_intersect_shape** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* result, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__rest_info:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_rest_info** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeRestInfo* rest_info **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method_is_body_excluded_from_query:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_body_excluded_from_query** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` body **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_physicsdirectspacestate2dextension.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension.xml.

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension:

PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension
==================================

**Inherits:** :ref:`PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Provides virtual methods that can be overridden to create custom :ref:`PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D>` implementations.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This class extends :ref:`PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D>` by providing additional virtual methods that can be overridden. When these methods are overridden, they will be called instead of the internal methods of the physics server.

Intended for use with GDExtension to create custom implementations of :ref:`PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2D>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_cast_motion<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__cast_motion>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, float* closest_safe, float* closest_unsafe **)** |virtual|                                             |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_collide_shape<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__collide_shape>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, void* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results, int32_t* result_count **)** |virtual|            |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`   | :ref:`_intersect_point<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_point>` **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` position, :ref:`int<class_int>` canvas_instance_id, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual|                                                                        |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_intersect_ray<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_ray>` **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` to, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` hit_from_inside, PhysicsServer2DExtensionRayResult* result **)** |virtual|                                                                                     |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`   | :ref:`_intersect_shape<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_shape>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* result, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual| |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_rest_info<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__rest_info>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeRestInfo* rest_info **)** |virtual|                                           |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`is_body_excluded_from_query<class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method_is_body_excluded_from_query>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` body **)** |const|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__cast_motion:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_cast_motion** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, float* closest_safe, float* closest_unsafe **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__collide_shape:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_collide_shape** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, void* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results, int32_t* result_count **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_point:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **_intersect_point** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` position, :ref:`int<class_int>` canvas_instance_id, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* results, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_ray:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_intersect_ray** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` to, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` hit_from_inside, PhysicsServer2DExtensionRayResult* result **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__intersect_shape:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **_intersect_shape** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeResult* result, :ref:`int<class_int>` max_results **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method__rest_info:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_rest_info** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` shape_rid, :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` transform, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`float<class_float>` margin, :ref:`int<class_int>` collision_mask, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_bodies, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` collide_with_areas, PhysicsServer2DExtensionShapeRestInfo* rest_info **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsDirectSpaceState2DExtension_method_is_body_excluded_from_query:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_body_excluded_from_query** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` body **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
