classes/class_flowcontainer.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FlowContainer.xml.

.. _class_FlowContainer:

FlowContainer
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`HFlowContainer<class_HFlowContainer>`, :ref:`VFlowContainer<class_VFlowContainer>`

Base class for flow containers.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Arranges child :ref:`Control<class_Control>` nodes vertically or horizontally in a left-to-right or top-to-bottom flow.

A line is filled with :ref:`Control<class_Control>` nodes until no more fit on the same line, similar to text in an autowrapped label.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +--------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` | :ref:`alignment<class_FlowContainer_property_alignment>` | ``0``     |
   +--------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                | :ref:`vertical<class_FlowContainer_property_vertical>`   | ``false`` |
   +--------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`get_line_count<class_FlowContainer_method_get_line_count>` **(** **)** |const| |
   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`h_separation<class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`v_separation<class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **AlignmentMode**:

.. _class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_BEGIN:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **ALIGNMENT_BEGIN** = ``0``

The child controls will be arranged at the beginning of the container, i.e. top if orientation is vertical, left if orientation is horizontal (right for RTL layout).

.. _class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_CENTER:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **ALIGNMENT_CENTER** = ``1``

The child controls will be centered in the container.

.. _class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_END:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **ALIGNMENT_END** = ``2``

The child controls will be arranged at the end of the container, i.e. bottom if orientation is vertical, right if orientation is horizontal (left for RTL layout).

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FlowContainer_property_alignment:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **alignment** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_alignment** **(** :ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **get_alignment** **(** **)**

The alignment of the container's children (must be one of :ref:`ALIGNMENT_BEGIN<class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_BEGIN>`, :ref:`ALIGNMENT_CENTER<class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_CENTER>`, or :ref:`ALIGNMENT_END<class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_END>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FlowContainer_property_vertical:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vertical** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_vertical** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_vertical** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the **FlowContainer** will arrange its children vertically, rather than horizontally.

Can't be changed when using :ref:`HFlowContainer<class_HFlowContainer>` and :ref:`VFlowContainer<class_VFlowContainer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_FlowContainer_method_get_line_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_line_count** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the current line count.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **h_separation** = ``4``

The horizontal separation of children nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **v_separation** = ``4``

The vertical separation of children nodes.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_flowcontainer.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FlowContainer.xml.

.. _class_FlowContainer:

FlowContainer
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`HFlowContainer<class_HFlowContainer>`, :ref:`VFlowContainer<class_VFlowContainer>`

A container that arranges its child controls horizontally or vertically and wraps them around at the borders.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A container that arranges its child controls horizontally or vertically and wraps them around at the borders. This is similar to how text in a book wraps around when no more words can fit on a line.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using Containers <../tutorials/ui/gui_containers>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +--------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` | :ref:`alignment<class_FlowContainer_property_alignment>` | ``0``     |
   +--------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                | :ref:`vertical<class_FlowContainer_property_vertical>`   | ``false`` |
   +--------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`get_line_count<class_FlowContainer_method_get_line_count>` **(** **)** |const| |
   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`h_separation<class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`v_separation<class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **AlignmentMode**:

.. _class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_BEGIN:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **ALIGNMENT_BEGIN** = ``0``

The child controls will be arranged at the beginning of the container, i.e. top if orientation is vertical, left if orientation is horizontal (right for RTL layout).

.. _class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_CENTER:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **ALIGNMENT_CENTER** = ``1``

The child controls will be centered in the container.

.. _class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_END:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **ALIGNMENT_END** = ``2``

The child controls will be arranged at the end of the container, i.e. bottom if orientation is vertical, right if orientation is horizontal (left for RTL layout).

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FlowContainer_property_alignment:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **alignment** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_alignment** **(** :ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`AlignmentMode<enum_FlowContainer_AlignmentMode>` **get_alignment** **(** **)**

The alignment of the container's children (must be one of :ref:`ALIGNMENT_BEGIN<class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_BEGIN>`, :ref:`ALIGNMENT_CENTER<class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_CENTER>`, or :ref:`ALIGNMENT_END<class_FlowContainer_constant_ALIGNMENT_END>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FlowContainer_property_vertical:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vertical** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_vertical** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_vertical** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the **FlowContainer** will arrange its children vertically, rather than horizontally.

Can't be changed when using :ref:`HFlowContainer<class_HFlowContainer>` and :ref:`VFlowContainer<class_VFlowContainer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_FlowContainer_method_get_line_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_line_count** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the current line count.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **h_separation** = ``4``

The horizontal separation of children nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **v_separation** = ``4``

The vertical separation of children nodes.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
