classes/class_rdvertexattribute.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDVertexAttribute.xml.

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute:

RDVertexAttribute
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>`           | :ref:`format<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_format>`       | ``218`` |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` | :ref:`frequency<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_frequency>` | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                        | :ref:`location<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_location>`   | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                        | :ref:`offset<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_offset>`       | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                        | :ref:`stride<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_stride>`       | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **format** = ``218``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` value **)**
- :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **get_format** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_frequency:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` **frequency** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_frequency** **(** :ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` value **)**
- :ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` **get_frequency** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_location:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **location** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_location** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_location** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_stride:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **stride** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stride** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_stride** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (2210111)

classes/class_rdvertexattribute.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDVertexAttribute.xml.

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute:

RDVertexAttribute
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Vertex attribute (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>`           | :ref:`format<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_format>`       | ``218`` |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` | :ref:`frequency<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_frequency>` | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                        | :ref:`location<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_location>`   | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                        | :ref:`offset<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_offset>`       | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                        | :ref:`stride<class_RDVertexAttribute_property_stride>`       | ``0``   |
   +--------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+---------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **format** = ``218``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` value **)**
- :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **get_format** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_frequency:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` **frequency** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_frequency** **(** :ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` value **)**
- :ref:`VertexFrequency<enum_RenderingDevice_VertexFrequency>` **get_frequency** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_location:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **location** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_location** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_location** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDVertexAttribute_property_stride:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **stride** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stride** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_stride** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
