classes/class_filesystemdock.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FileSystemDock.xml.

.. _class_FileSystemDock:

FileSystemDock
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`VBoxContainer<class_VBoxContainer>` **<** :ref:`BoxContainer<class_BoxContainer>` **<** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`navigate_to_path<class_FileSystemDock_method_navigate_to_path>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)** |
   +------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_display_mode_changed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**display_mode_changed** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_file_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**file_removed** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` file **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_files_moved:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**files_moved** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` old_file, :ref:`String<class_String>` new_file **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_folder_moved:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**folder_moved** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` old_folder, :ref:`String<class_String>` new_folder **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_folder_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**folder_removed** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` folder **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_inherit:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**inherit** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` file **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_instantiate:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**instantiate** **(** :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` files **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_resource_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**resource_removed** **(** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` resource **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this signal. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_FileSystemDock_method_navigate_to_path:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **navigate_to_path** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9ce3194)

classes/class_filesystemdock.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FileSystemDock.xml.

.. _class_FileSystemDock:

FileSystemDock
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`VBoxContainer<class_VBoxContainer>` **<** :ref:`BoxContainer<class_BoxContainer>` **<** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Editor dock for managing files in the project.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This class is available only in :ref:`EditorPlugin<class_EditorPlugin>`\ s and can't be instantiated. You can access it using :ref:`EditorInterface.get_file_system_dock<class_EditorInterface_method_get_file_system_dock>`.

While FileSystemDock doesn't expose any methods for file manipulation, you can listen for various file-related signals.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`navigate_to_path<class_FileSystemDock_method_navigate_to_path>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)** |
   +------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_display_mode_changed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**display_mode_changed** **(** **)**

Emitted when the user switches file display mode or split mode.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_file_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**file_removed** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` file **)**

Emitted when the given ``file`` was removed.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_files_moved:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**files_moved** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` old_file, :ref:`String<class_String>` new_file **)**

Emitted when a file is moved from ``old_file`` path to ``new_file`` path.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_folder_moved:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**folder_moved** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` old_folder, :ref:`String<class_String>` new_folder **)**

Emitted when a folder is moved from ``old_folder`` path to ``new_folder`` path.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_folder_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**folder_removed** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` folder **)**

Emitted when the given ``folder`` was removed.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_inherit:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**inherit** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` file **)**

Emitted when a new scene is created that inherits the scene at ``file`` path.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_instantiate:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**instantiate** **(** :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` files **)**

Emitted when the given scenes are being instantiated in the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FileSystemDock_signal_resource_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**resource_removed** **(** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` resource **)**

Emitted when an external ``resource`` had its file removed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_FileSystemDock_method_navigate_to_path:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **navigate_to_path** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Sets the given ``path`` as currently selected, ensuring that the selected file/directory is visible.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
