classes/class_gltfaccessor.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFAccessor.xml.

.. _class_GLTFAccessor:

GLTFAccessor
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Runtime file loading and saving <../tutorials/io/runtime_file_loading_and_saving>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`buffer_view<class_GLTFAccessor_property_buffer_view>`                                     | ``-1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`byte_offset<class_GLTFAccessor_property_byte_offset>`                                     | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`component_type<class_GLTFAccessor_property_component_type>`                               | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`count<class_GLTFAccessor_property_count>`                                                 | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` | :ref:`max<class_GLTFAccessor_property_max>`                                                     | ``PackedFloat64Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` | :ref:`min<class_GLTFAccessor_property_min>`                                                     | ``PackedFloat64Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                             | :ref:`normalized<class_GLTFAccessor_property_normalized>`                                       | ``false``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_count<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_count>`                                   | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_indices_buffer_view<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_buffer_view>`       | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_indices_byte_offset<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_byte_offset>`       | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_indices_component_type<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_component_type>` | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_values_buffer_view<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_buffer_view>`         | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_values_byte_offset<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_byte_offset>`         | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`type<class_GLTFAccessor_property_type>`                                                   | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_buffer_view:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **buffer_view** = ``-1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_buffer_view** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_buffer_view** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_byte_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **byte_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_byte_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_byte_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_component_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **component_type** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_component_type** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_component_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **count** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_count** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_count** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_max:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **max** = ``PackedFloat64Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_max** **(** :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **get_max** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_min:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **min** = ``PackedFloat64Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_min** **(** :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **get_min** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_normalized:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **normalized** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_normalized** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_normalized** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_count** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_count** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_count** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_buffer_view:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_indices_buffer_view** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_indices_buffer_view** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_indices_buffer_view** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_byte_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_indices_byte_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_indices_byte_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_indices_byte_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_component_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_indices_component_type** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_indices_component_type** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_indices_component_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_buffer_view:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_values_buffer_view** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_values_buffer_view** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_values_buffer_view** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_byte_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_values_byte_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_values_byte_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_values_byte_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **type** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_type** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (10e1114)

classes/class_gltfaccessor.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFAccessor.xml.

.. _class_GLTFAccessor:

GLTFAccessor
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Represents a GLTF accessor.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

GLTFAccessor is a data structure representing GLTF a ``accessor`` that would be found in the ``"accessors"`` array. A buffer is a blob of binary data. A buffer view is a slice of a buffer. An accessor is a typed interpretation of the data in a buffer view.

Most custom data stored in GLTF does not need accessors, only buffer views (see :ref:`GLTFBufferView<class_GLTFBufferView>`). Accessors are for more advanced use cases such as interleaved mesh data encoded for the GPU.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `Buffers, BufferViews, and Accessors in Khronos glTF specification <https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF-Tutorials/blob/master/gltfTutorial/gltfTutorial_005_BuffersBufferViewsAccessors.md>`__

- :doc:`Runtime file loading and saving <../tutorials/io/runtime_file_loading_and_saving>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`buffer_view<class_GLTFAccessor_property_buffer_view>`                                     | ``-1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`byte_offset<class_GLTFAccessor_property_byte_offset>`                                     | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`component_type<class_GLTFAccessor_property_component_type>`                               | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`count<class_GLTFAccessor_property_count>`                                                 | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` | :ref:`max<class_GLTFAccessor_property_max>`                                                     | ``PackedFloat64Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` | :ref:`min<class_GLTFAccessor_property_min>`                                                     | ``PackedFloat64Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                             | :ref:`normalized<class_GLTFAccessor_property_normalized>`                                       | ``false``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_count<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_count>`                                   | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_indices_buffer_view<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_buffer_view>`       | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_indices_byte_offset<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_byte_offset>`       | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_indices_component_type<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_component_type>` | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_values_buffer_view<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_buffer_view>`         | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`sparse_values_byte_offset<class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_byte_offset>`         | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                               | :ref:`type<class_GLTFAccessor_property_type>`                                                   | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_buffer_view:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **buffer_view** = ``-1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_buffer_view** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_buffer_view** **(** **)**

The index of the buffer view this accessor is referencing. If ``-1``, this accessor is not referencing any buffer view.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_byte_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **byte_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_byte_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_byte_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_component_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **component_type** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_component_type** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_component_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **count** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_count** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_count** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_max:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **max** = ``PackedFloat64Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_max** **(** :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **get_max** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_min:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **min** = ``PackedFloat64Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_min** **(** :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedFloat64Array<class_PackedFloat64Array>` **get_min** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_normalized:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **normalized** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_normalized** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_normalized** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_count** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_count** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_count** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_buffer_view:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_indices_buffer_view** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_indices_buffer_view** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_indices_buffer_view** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_byte_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_indices_byte_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_indices_byte_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_indices_byte_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_indices_component_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_indices_component_type** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_indices_component_type** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_indices_component_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_buffer_view:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_values_buffer_view** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_values_buffer_view** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_values_buffer_view** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_sparse_values_byte_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sparse_values_byte_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sparse_values_byte_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sparse_values_byte_offset** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFAccessor_property_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **type** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_type** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
