classes/class_gltfdocument.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFDocument.xml.

.. _class_GLTFDocument:

GLTFDocument
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Append a glTF2 3d format from a file, buffer or scene and then write to the filesystem, buffer or scene.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`append_from_buffer<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_buffer>` **(** :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` bytes, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`append_from_file<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_file>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path="" **)**                       |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`append_from_scene<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_scene>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` node, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**                                                                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` | :ref:`generate_buffer<class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_buffer>` **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state **)**                                                                                                                                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Node<class_Node>`                       | :ref:`generate_scene<class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_scene>` **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`float<class_float>` bake_fps=30, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` trimming=false, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` remove_immutable_tracks=true **)** |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                          | :ref:`register_gltf_document_extension<class_GLTFDocument_method_register_gltf_document_extension>` **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` first_priority=false **)** |static|               |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                          | :ref:`unregister_gltf_document_extension<class_GLTFDocument_method_unregister_gltf_document_extension>` **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension **)** |static|                                                         |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`write_to_filesystem<class_GLTFDocument_method_write_to_filesystem>` **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**                                                                                          |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_buffer:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **append_from_buffer** **(** :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` bytes, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**

Takes a :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` defining a GLTF and imports the data to the given :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter.

\ **Note:** The ``base_path`` tells :ref:`append_from_buffer<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_buffer>` where to find dependencies and can be empty.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_file:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **append_from_file** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path="" **)**

Takes a path to a GLTF file and imports the data at that file path to the given :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter.

\ **Note:** The ``base_path`` tells :ref:`append_from_file<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_file>` where to find dependencies and can be empty.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **append_from_scene** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` node, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**

Takes a Godot Engine scene node and exports it and its descendants to the given :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_buffer:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` **generate_buffer** **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state **)**

Takes a :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter and returns a GLTF :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Node<class_Node>` **generate_scene** **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`float<class_float>` bake_fps=30, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` trimming=false, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` remove_immutable_tracks=true **)**

Takes a :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter and returns a Godot Engine scene node.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_register_gltf_document_extension:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **register_gltf_document_extension** **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` first_priority=false **)** |static|

Registers the given :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` instance with GLTFDocument. If ``first_priority`` is true, this extension will be run first. Otherwise, it will be run last.

\ **Note:** Like GLTFDocument itself, all GLTFDocumentExtension classes must be stateless in order to function properly. If you need to store data, use the ``set_additional_data`` and ``get_additional_data`` methods in :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` or :ref:`GLTFNode<class_GLTFNode>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_unregister_gltf_document_extension:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **unregister_gltf_document_extension** **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension **)** |static|

Unregisters the given :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` instance.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_write_to_filesystem:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **write_to_filesystem** **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Takes a :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter and writes a glTF file to the filesystem.

\ **Note:** The extension of the glTF file determines if it is a .glb binary file or a .gltf file.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_gltfdocument.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFDocument.xml.

.. _class_GLTFDocument:

GLTFDocument
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Class for importing and exporting glTF files in and out of Godot.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

GLTFDocument supports reading data from a glTF file, buffer, or Godot scene. This data can then be written to the filesystem, buffer, or used to create a Godot scene.

All of the data in a GLTF scene is stored in the :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` class. GLTFDocument processes state objects, but does not contain any scene data itself.

GLTFDocument can be extended with arbitrary functionality by extending the :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` class and registering it with GLTFDocument via :ref:`register_gltf_document_extension<class_GLTFDocument_method_register_gltf_document_extension>`. This allows for custom data to be imported and exported.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `glTF 'What the duck?' guide <https://www.khronos.org/files/gltf20-reference-guide.pdf>`__

- `Khronos glTF specification <https://registry.khronos.org/glTF/>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`append_from_buffer<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_buffer>` **(** :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` bytes, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`append_from_file<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_file>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path="" **)**                       |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`append_from_scene<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_scene>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` node, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**                                                                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` | :ref:`generate_buffer<class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_buffer>` **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state **)**                                                                                                                                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Node<class_Node>`                       | :ref:`generate_scene<class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_scene>` **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`float<class_float>` bake_fps=30, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` trimming=false, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` remove_immutable_tracks=true **)** |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                          | :ref:`register_gltf_document_extension<class_GLTFDocument_method_register_gltf_document_extension>` **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` first_priority=false **)** |static|               |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                          | :ref:`unregister_gltf_document_extension<class_GLTFDocument_method_unregister_gltf_document_extension>` **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension **)** |static|                                                         |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>`         | :ref:`write_to_filesystem<class_GLTFDocument_method_write_to_filesystem>` **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**                                                                                          |
   +-----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_buffer:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **append_from_buffer** **(** :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` bytes, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**

Takes a :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` defining a GLTF and imports the data to the given :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter.

\ **Note:** The ``base_path`` tells :ref:`append_from_buffer<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_buffer>` where to find dependencies and can be empty.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_file:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **append_from_file** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` path, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0, :ref:`String<class_String>` base_path="" **)**

Takes a path to a GLTF file and imports the data at that file path to the given :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter.

\ **Note:** The ``base_path`` tells :ref:`append_from_file<class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_file>` where to find dependencies and can be empty.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_append_from_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **append_from_scene** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` node, :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`int<class_int>` flags=0 **)**

Takes a Godot Engine scene node and exports it and its descendants to the given :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_buffer:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>` **generate_buffer** **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state **)**

Takes a :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter and returns a GLTF :ref:`PackedByteArray<class_PackedByteArray>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_generate_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Node<class_Node>` **generate_scene** **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`float<class_float>` bake_fps=30, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` trimming=false, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` remove_immutable_tracks=true **)**

Takes a :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter and returns a Godot Engine scene node.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_register_gltf_document_extension:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **register_gltf_document_extension** **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` first_priority=false **)** |static|

Registers the given :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` instance with GLTFDocument. If ``first_priority`` is true, this extension will be run first. Otherwise, it will be run last.

\ **Note:** Like GLTFDocument itself, all GLTFDocumentExtension classes must be stateless in order to function properly. If you need to store data, use the ``set_additional_data`` and ``get_additional_data`` methods in :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` or :ref:`GLTFNode<class_GLTFNode>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_unregister_gltf_document_extension:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **unregister_gltf_document_extension** **(** :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` extension **)** |static|

Unregisters the given :ref:`GLTFDocumentExtension<class_GLTFDocumentExtension>` instance.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFDocument_method_write_to_filesystem:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **write_to_filesystem** **(** :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` state, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Takes a :ref:`GLTFState<class_GLTFState>` object through the ``state`` parameter and writes a glTF file to the filesystem.

\ **Note:** The extension of the glTF file determines if it is a .glb binary file or a .gltf file.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
