classes/class_referencerect.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ReferenceRect.xml.

.. _class_ReferenceRect:

ReferenceRect
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Reference frame for GUI.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A rectangle box that displays only a :ref:`border_color<class_ReferenceRect_property_border_color>` border color around its rectangle. **ReferenceRect** has no fill :ref:`Color<class_Color>`. If you need to display a rectangle filled with a solid color, consider using :ref:`ColorRect<class_ColorRect>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>` | :ref:`border_color<class_ReferenceRect_property_border_color>` | ``Color(1, 0, 0, 1)`` |
   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`border_width<class_ReferenceRect_property_border_width>` | ``1.0``               |
   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`   | :ref:`editor_only<class_ReferenceRect_property_editor_only>`   | ``true``              |
   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ReferenceRect_property_border_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **border_color** = ``Color(1, 0, 0, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_border_color** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_border_color** **(** **)**

Sets the border :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the **ReferenceRect**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ReferenceRect_property_border_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **border_width** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_border_width** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_border_width** **(** **)**

Sets the border width of the **ReferenceRect**. The border grows both inwards and outwards with respect to the rectangle box.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ReferenceRect_property_editor_only:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **editor_only** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_editor_only** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_editor_only** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the **ReferenceRect** will only be visible while in editor. Otherwise, **ReferenceRect** will be visible in the running project.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_referencerect.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ReferenceRect.xml.

.. _class_ReferenceRect:

ReferenceRect
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A rectangle hint for designing UIs.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A rectangle box that displays only a colored border around its rectangle. It is used to visualize the extents of a :ref:`Control<class_Control>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>` | :ref:`border_color<class_ReferenceRect_property_border_color>` | ``Color(1, 0, 0, 1)`` |
   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`border_width<class_ReferenceRect_property_border_width>` | ``1.0``               |
   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`   | :ref:`editor_only<class_ReferenceRect_property_editor_only>`   | ``true``              |
   +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ReferenceRect_property_border_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **border_color** = ``Color(1, 0, 0, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_border_color** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_border_color** **(** **)**

Sets the border color of the **ReferenceRect**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ReferenceRect_property_border_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **border_width** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_border_width** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_border_width** **(** **)**

Sets the border width of the **ReferenceRect**. The border grows both inwards and outwards with respect to the rectangle box.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ReferenceRect_property_editor_only:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **editor_only** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_editor_only** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_editor_only** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the **ReferenceRect** will only be visible while in editor. Otherwise, **ReferenceRect** will be visible in the running project.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
