classes/class_buttongroup.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ButtonGroup.xml.

.. _class_ButtonGroup:

ButtonGroup
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Group of Buttons.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Group of :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>`. The members of this group are treated like radio buttons in the sense that only one button can be pressed at the same time.

Every member of the ButtonGroup should have :ref:`BaseButton.toggle_mode<class_BaseButton_property_toggle_mode>` set to ``true``.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | resource_local_to_scene | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Resource<class_Resource_property_resource_local_to_scene>`) |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`BaseButton[]<class_BaseButton>` | :ref:`get_buttons<class_ButtonGroup_method_get_buttons>` **(** **)**               |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>`   | :ref:`get_pressed_button<class_ButtonGroup_method_get_pressed_button>` **(** **)** |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_ButtonGroup_signal_pressed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**pressed** **(** :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` button **)**

Emitted when one of the buttons of the group is pressed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_ButtonGroup_method_get_buttons:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`BaseButton[]<class_BaseButton>` **get_buttons** **(** **)**

Returns an :ref:`Array<class_Array>` of :ref:`Button<class_Button>`\ s who have this as their **ButtonGroup** (see :ref:`BaseButton.button_group<class_BaseButton_property_button_group>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ButtonGroup_method_get_pressed_button:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` **get_pressed_button** **(** **)**

Returns the current pressed button.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_buttongroup.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ButtonGroup.xml.

.. _class_ButtonGroup:

ButtonGroup
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A group of buttons that doesn't allow more than one button to be pressed at a time.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A group of :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>`-derived buttons. The buttons in a **ButtonGroup** are treated like radio buttons: No more than one button can be pressed at a time. Some types of buttons (such as :ref:`CheckBox<class_CheckBox>`) may have a special appearance in this state.

Every member of a **ButtonGroup** should have :ref:`BaseButton.toggle_mode<class_BaseButton_property_toggle_mode>` set to ``true``.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`allow_unpress<class_ButtonGroup_property_allow_unpress>` | ``false``                                                                             |
   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | resource_local_to_scene                                        | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Resource<class_Resource_property_resource_local_to_scene>`) |
   +-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`BaseButton[]<class_BaseButton>` | :ref:`get_buttons<class_ButtonGroup_method_get_buttons>` **(** **)**               |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>`   | :ref:`get_pressed_button<class_ButtonGroup_method_get_pressed_button>` **(** **)** |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_ButtonGroup_signal_pressed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**pressed** **(** :ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` button **)**

Emitted when one of the buttons of the group is pressed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ButtonGroup_property_allow_unpress:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **allow_unpress** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_allow_unpress** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_allow_unpress** **(** **)**

If ``true``, it is possible to unpress all buttons in this **ButtonGroup**.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_ButtonGroup_method_get_buttons:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`BaseButton[]<class_BaseButton>` **get_buttons** **(** **)**

Returns an :ref:`Array<class_Array>` of :ref:`Button<class_Button>`\ s who have this as their **ButtonGroup** (see :ref:`BaseButton.button_group<class_BaseButton_property_button_group>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ButtonGroup_method_get_pressed_button:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`BaseButton<class_BaseButton>` **get_pressed_button** **(** **)**

Returns the current pressed button.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
