classes/class_gradienttexture2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/GradientTexture2D.xml.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D:

GradientTexture2D
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **<** :ref:`Texture<class_Texture>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Gradient-filled 2D texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

The texture uses a :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` to fill the texture data in 2D space. The gradient is filled according to the specified :ref:`fill<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill>` and :ref:`repeat<class_GradientTexture2D_property_repeat>` types using colors obtained from the gradient. The texture does not necessarily represent an exact copy of the gradient, but instead an interpolation of samples obtained from the gradient at fixed steps (see :ref:`width<class_GradientTexture2D_property_width>` and :ref:`height<class_GradientTexture2D_property_height>`). See also :ref:`GradientTexture1D<class_GradientTexture1D>`, :ref:`CurveTexture<class_CurveTexture>` and :ref:`CurveXYZTexture<class_CurveXYZTexture>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>`     | :ref:`fill<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill>`           | ``0``                                                                                  |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                | :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` | ``Vector2(0, 0)``                                                                      |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                | :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>`     | ``Vector2(1, 0)``                                                                      |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`              | :ref:`gradient<class_GradientTexture2D_property_gradient>`   |                                                                                        |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                        | :ref:`height<class_GradientTexture2D_property_height>`       | ``64``                                                                                 |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` | :ref:`repeat<class_GradientTexture2D_property_repeat>`       | ``0``                                                                                  |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                      | resource_local_to_scene                                      | ``false`` (overrides :ref:`Resource<class_Resource_property_resource_local_to_scene>`) |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                      | :ref:`use_hdr<class_GradientTexture2D_property_use_hdr>`     | ``false``                                                                              |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                        | :ref:`width<class_GradientTexture2D_property_width>`         | ``64``                                                                                 |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **Fill**:

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_FILL_LINEAR:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **FILL_LINEAR** = ``0``

The colors are linearly interpolated in a straight line.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_FILL_RADIAL:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **FILL_RADIAL** = ``1``

The colors are linearly interpolated in a circular pattern.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_FILL_SQUARE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **FILL_SQUARE** = ``2``

The colors are linearly interpolated in a square pattern.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **Repeat**:

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_REPEAT_NONE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **REPEAT_NONE** = ``0``

The gradient fill is restricted to the range defined by :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_REPEAT:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **REPEAT** = ``1``

The texture is filled starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets, repeating the same pattern in both directions.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_REPEAT_MIRROR:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **REPEAT_MIRROR** = ``2``

The texture is filled starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets, mirroring the pattern in both directions.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **fill** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fill** **(** :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` value **)**
- :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **get_fill** **(** **)**

The gradient fill type, one of the :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` values. The texture is filled by interpolating colors starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **fill_from** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fill_from** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_fill_from** **(** **)**

The initial offset used to fill the texture specified in UV coordinates.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **fill_to** = ``Vector2(1, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fill_to** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_fill_to** **(** **)**

The final offset used to fill the texture specified in UV coordinates.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_gradient:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` **gradient**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_gradient** **(** :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` value **)**
- :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` **get_gradient** **(** **)**

The :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` used to fill the texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_height:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **height** = ``64``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_height** **(** **)**

The number of vertical color samples that will be obtained from the :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`, which also represents the texture's height.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_repeat:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **repeat** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_repeat** **(** :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` value **)**
- :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **get_repeat** **(** **)**

The gradient repeat type, one of the :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` values. The texture is filled starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets by default, but the gradient fill can be repeated to cover the entire texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_use_hdr:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **use_hdr** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_use_hdr** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_using_hdr** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the generated texture will support high dynamic range (:ref:`Image.FORMAT_RGBAF<class_Image_constant_FORMAT_RGBAF>` format). This allows for glow effects to work if :ref:`Environment.glow_enabled<class_Environment_property_glow_enabled>` is ``true``. If ``false``, the generated texture will use low dynamic range; overbright colors will be clamped (:ref:`Image.FORMAT_RGBA8<class_Image_constant_FORMAT_RGBA8>` format).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **width** = ``64``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_width** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_width** **(** **)**

The number of horizontal color samples that will be obtained from the :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`, which also represents the texture's width.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_gradienttexture2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/GradientTexture2D.xml.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D:

GradientTexture2D
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **<** :ref:`Texture<class_Texture>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A 2D texture that creates a pattern with colors obtained from a :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A 2D texture that obtains colors from a :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` to fill the texture data. This texture is able to transform a color transition into different patterns such as a linear or a radial gradient. The gradient is sampled individually for each pixel so it does not necessarily represent an exact copy of the gradient(see :ref:`width<class_GradientTexture2D_property_width>` and :ref:`height<class_GradientTexture2D_property_height>`). See also :ref:`GradientTexture1D<class_GradientTexture1D>`, :ref:`CurveTexture<class_CurveTexture>` and :ref:`CurveXYZTexture<class_CurveXYZTexture>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>`     | :ref:`fill<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill>`           | ``0``                                                                                  |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                | :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` | ``Vector2(0, 0)``                                                                      |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                | :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>`     | ``Vector2(1, 0)``                                                                      |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`              | :ref:`gradient<class_GradientTexture2D_property_gradient>`   |                                                                                        |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                        | :ref:`height<class_GradientTexture2D_property_height>`       | ``64``                                                                                 |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` | :ref:`repeat<class_GradientTexture2D_property_repeat>`       | ``0``                                                                                  |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                      | resource_local_to_scene                                      | ``false`` (overrides :ref:`Resource<class_Resource_property_resource_local_to_scene>`) |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                      | :ref:`use_hdr<class_GradientTexture2D_property_use_hdr>`     | ``false``                                                                              |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                        | :ref:`width<class_GradientTexture2D_property_width>`         | ``64``                                                                                 |
   +----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **Fill**:

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_FILL_LINEAR:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **FILL_LINEAR** = ``0``

The colors are linearly interpolated in a straight line.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_FILL_RADIAL:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **FILL_RADIAL** = ``1``

The colors are linearly interpolated in a circular pattern.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_FILL_SQUARE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **FILL_SQUARE** = ``2``

The colors are linearly interpolated in a square pattern.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **Repeat**:

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_REPEAT_NONE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **REPEAT_NONE** = ``0``

The gradient fill is restricted to the range defined by :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_REPEAT:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **REPEAT** = ``1``

The texture is filled starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets, repeating the same pattern in both directions.

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_constant_REPEAT_MIRROR:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **REPEAT_MIRROR** = ``2``

The texture is filled starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets, mirroring the pattern in both directions.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **fill** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fill** **(** :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` value **)**
- :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` **get_fill** **(** **)**

The gradient fill type, one of the :ref:`Fill<enum_GradientTexture2D_Fill>` values. The texture is filled by interpolating colors starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **fill_from** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fill_from** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_fill_from** **(** **)**

The initial offset used to fill the texture specified in UV coordinates.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **fill_to** = ``Vector2(1, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fill_to** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_fill_to** **(** **)**

The final offset used to fill the texture specified in UV coordinates.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_gradient:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` **gradient**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_gradient** **(** :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` value **)**
- :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` **get_gradient** **(** **)**

The :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>` used to fill the texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_height:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **height** = ``64``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_height** **(** **)**

The number of vertical color samples that will be obtained from the :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`, which also represents the texture's height.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_repeat:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **repeat** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_repeat** **(** :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` value **)**
- :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` **get_repeat** **(** **)**

The gradient repeat type, one of the :ref:`Repeat<enum_GradientTexture2D_Repeat>` values. The texture is filled starting from :ref:`fill_from<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_from>` to :ref:`fill_to<class_GradientTexture2D_property_fill_to>` offsets by default, but the gradient fill can be repeated to cover the entire texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_use_hdr:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **use_hdr** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_use_hdr** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_using_hdr** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the generated texture will support high dynamic range (:ref:`Image.FORMAT_RGBAF<class_Image_constant_FORMAT_RGBAF>` format). This allows for glow effects to work if :ref:`Environment.glow_enabled<class_Environment_property_glow_enabled>` is ``true``. If ``false``, the generated texture will use low dynamic range; overbright colors will be clamped (:ref:`Image.FORMAT_RGBA8<class_Image_constant_FORMAT_RGBA8>` format).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GradientTexture2D_property_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **width** = ``64``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_width** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_width** **(** **)**

The number of horizontal color samples that will be obtained from the :ref:`Gradient<class_Gradient>`, which also represents the texture's width.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
