classes/class_collisionpolygon2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/CollisionPolygon2D.xml.

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D:

CollisionPolygon2D
==================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node2D<class_Node2D>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Defines a 2D collision polygon.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Provides a concave or convex 2D collision polygon to a :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D>` parent. Polygons can be drawn in the editor or specified by a list of vertices. See also :ref:`ConvexPolygonShape2D<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D>`.

In the editor, a **CollisionPolygon2D** can be generated from a :ref:`Sprite2D<class_Sprite2D>`'s outline by selecting a :ref:`Sprite2D<class_Sprite2D>` node, going to the **Sprite2D** menu at the top of the 2D editor viewport then choosing **Create CollisionPolygon2D Sibling**.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` | :ref:`build_mode<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_build_mode>`                             | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                             | :ref:`disabled<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_disabled>`                                 | ``false``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                             | :ref:`one_way_collision<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision>`               | ``false``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                           | :ref:`one_way_collision_margin<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision_margin>` | ``1.0``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` | :ref:`polygon<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_polygon>`                                   | ``PackedVector2Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **BuildMode**:

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_constant_BUILD_SOLIDS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **BUILD_SOLIDS** = ``0``

Collisions will include the polygon and its contained area.

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_constant_BUILD_SEGMENTS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **BUILD_SEGMENTS** = ``1``

Collisions will only include the polygon edges.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_build_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **build_mode** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_build_mode** **(** :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **get_build_mode** **(** **)**

Collision build mode. Use one of the :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` constants.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_disabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **disabled** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_disabled** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_disabled** **(** **)**

If ``true``, no collisions will be detected.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **one_way_collision** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_one_way_collision** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_one_way_collision_enabled** **(** **)**

If ``true``, only edges that face up, relative to **CollisionPolygon2D**'s rotation, will collide with other objects.

\ **Note:** This property has no effect if this **CollisionPolygon2D** is a child of an :ref:`Area2D<class_Area2D>` node.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision_margin:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **one_way_collision_margin** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_one_way_collision_margin** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_one_way_collision_margin** **(** **)**

The margin used for one-way collision (in pixels). Higher values will make the shape thicker, and work better for colliders that enter the polygon at a high velocity.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_polygon:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **polygon** = ``PackedVector2Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_polygon** **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **get_polygon** **(** **)**

The polygon's list of vertices. The final point will be connected to the first. The returned value is a clone of the :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>`, not a reference.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (c64afeb)

classes/class_collisionpolygon2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/CollisionPolygon2D.xml.

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D:

CollisionPolygon2D
==================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node2D<class_Node2D>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Node that represents a 2D collision polygon.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Provides a 2D collision polygon to a :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D>` parent. Polygons can be drawn in the editor or specified by a list of vertices.

Depending on the build mode, this node effectively provides several convex shapes (by convex decomposition of the polygon) or a single concave shape made of the polygon's segments.

In the editor, a **CollisionPolygon2D** can be generated from a :ref:`Sprite2D<class_Sprite2D>`'s outline by selecting a :ref:`Sprite2D<class_Sprite2D>` node, going to the **Sprite2D** menu at the top of the 2D editor viewport then choosing **Create CollisionPolygon2D Sibling**.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` | :ref:`build_mode<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_build_mode>`                             | ``0``                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                             | :ref:`disabled<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_disabled>`                                 | ``false``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                             | :ref:`one_way_collision<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision>`               | ``false``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                           | :ref:`one_way_collision_margin<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision_margin>` | ``1.0``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` | :ref:`polygon<class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_polygon>`                                   | ``PackedVector2Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **BuildMode**:

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_constant_BUILD_SOLIDS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **BUILD_SOLIDS** = ``0``

Collisions will include the polygon and its contained area. In this mode the node has the same effect as several :ref:`ConvexPolygonShape2D<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D>` nodes, one for each convex shape in the convex decomposition of the polygon (but without the overhead of multiple nodes).

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_constant_BUILD_SEGMENTS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **BUILD_SEGMENTS** = ``1``

Collisions will only include the polygon edges. In this mode the node has the same effect as a single :ref:`ConcavePolygonShape2D<class_ConcavePolygonShape2D>` made of segments, with the restriction that each segment (after the first one) starts where the previous one ends, and the last one ends where the first one starts (forming a closed but hollow polygon).

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_build_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **build_mode** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_build_mode** **(** :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` **get_build_mode** **(** **)**

Collision build mode. Use one of the :ref:`BuildMode<enum_CollisionPolygon2D_BuildMode>` constants.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_disabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **disabled** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_disabled** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_disabled** **(** **)**

If ``true``, no collisions will be detected.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **one_way_collision** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_one_way_collision** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_one_way_collision_enabled** **(** **)**

If ``true``, only edges that face up, relative to **CollisionPolygon2D**'s rotation, will collide with other objects.

\ **Note:** This property has no effect if this **CollisionPolygon2D** is a child of an :ref:`Area2D<class_Area2D>` node.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_one_way_collision_margin:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **one_way_collision_margin** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_one_way_collision_margin** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_one_way_collision_margin** **(** **)**

The margin used for one-way collision (in pixels). Higher values will make the shape thicker, and work better for colliders that enter the polygon at a high velocity.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CollisionPolygon2D_property_polygon:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **polygon** = ``PackedVector2Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_polygon** **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **get_polygon** **(** **)**

The polygon's list of vertices. Each point will be connected to the next, and the final point will be connected to the first.

\ **Warning:** The returned value is a clone of the :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>`, not a reference.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
