classes/class_joint3d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/Joint3D.xml.

.. _class_Joint3D:

Joint3D
=======

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node3D<class_Node3D>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`ConeTwistJoint3D<class_ConeTwistJoint3D>`, :ref:`Generic6DOFJoint3D<class_Generic6DOFJoint3D>`, :ref:`HingeJoint3D<class_HingeJoint3D>`, :ref:`PinJoint3D<class_PinJoint3D>`, :ref:`SliderJoint3D<class_SliderJoint3D>`

Base class for all 3D joints.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Joints are used to bind together two physics bodies. They have a solver priority and can define if the bodies of the two attached nodes should be able to collide with each other. See also :ref:`Generic6DOFJoint3D<class_Generic6DOFJoint3D>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `3D Truck Town Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/524>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`         | :ref:`exclude_nodes_from_collision<class_Joint3D_property_exclude_nodes_from_collision>` | ``true``         |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` | :ref:`node_a<class_Joint3D_property_node_a>`                                             | ``NodePath("")`` |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` | :ref:`node_b<class_Joint3D_property_node_b>`                                             | ``NodePath("")`` |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`solver_priority<class_Joint3D_property_solver_priority>`                           | ``1``            |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_Joint3D_property_exclude_nodes_from_collision:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **exclude_nodes_from_collision** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_exclude_nodes_from_collision** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_exclude_nodes_from_collision** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the two bodies of the nodes are not able to collide with each other.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Joint3D_property_node_a:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **node_a** = ``NodePath("")``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_node_a** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` value **)**
- :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **get_node_a** **(** **)**

The node attached to the first side (A) of the joint.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Joint3D_property_node_b:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **node_b** = ``NodePath("")``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_node_b** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` value **)**
- :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **get_node_b** **(** **)**

The node attached to the second side (B) of the joint.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Joint3D_property_solver_priority:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **solver_priority** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_solver_priority** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_solver_priority** **(** **)**

The priority used to define which solver is executed first for multiple joints. The lower the value, the higher the priority.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_joint3d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/Joint3D.xml.

.. _class_Joint3D:

Joint3D
=======

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node3D<class_Node3D>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`ConeTwistJoint3D<class_ConeTwistJoint3D>`, :ref:`Generic6DOFJoint3D<class_Generic6DOFJoint3D>`, :ref:`HingeJoint3D<class_HingeJoint3D>`, :ref:`PinJoint3D<class_PinJoint3D>`, :ref:`SliderJoint3D<class_SliderJoint3D>`

Abstract base class for all 3D physics joints.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Abstract base class for all joints in 3D physics. 3D joints bind together two physics bodies and apply a constraint.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `3D Truck Town Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/524>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`         | :ref:`exclude_nodes_from_collision<class_Joint3D_property_exclude_nodes_from_collision>` | ``true``         |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` | :ref:`node_a<class_Joint3D_property_node_a>`                                             | ``NodePath("")`` |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` | :ref:`node_b<class_Joint3D_property_node_b>`                                             | ``NodePath("")`` |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`           | :ref:`solver_priority<class_Joint3D_property_solver_priority>`                           | ``1``            |
   +---------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_Joint3D_property_exclude_nodes_from_collision:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **exclude_nodes_from_collision** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_exclude_nodes_from_collision** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_exclude_nodes_from_collision** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the two bodies of the nodes are not able to collide with each other.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Joint3D_property_node_a:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **node_a** = ``NodePath("")``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_node_a** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` value **)**
- :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **get_node_a** **(** **)**

The node attached to the first side (A) of the joint.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Joint3D_property_node_b:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **node_b** = ``NodePath("")``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_node_b** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` value **)**
- :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` **get_node_b** **(** **)**

The node attached to the second side (B) of the joint.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Joint3D_property_solver_priority:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **solver_priority** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_solver_priority** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_solver_priority** **(** **)**

The priority used to define which solver is executed first for multiple joints. The lower the value, the higher the priority.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
