classes/class_textserverdummy.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/TextServerDummy.xml.

.. _class_TextServerDummy:

TextServerDummy
===============

**Inherits:** :ref:`TextServerExtension<class_TextServerExtension>` **<** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (c64afeb)

classes/class_textserverdummy.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/TextServerDummy.xml.

.. _class_TextServerDummy:

TextServerDummy
===============

**Inherits:** :ref:`TextServerExtension<class_TextServerExtension>` **<** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A dummy text server that can't render text or manage fonts.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A dummy :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface that doesn't do anything. Useful for freeing up memory when rendering text is not needed, as text servers are resource-intensive. It can also be used for performance comparisons in complex GUIs to check the impact of text rendering.

A dummy text server is always available at the start of a project. Here's how to access it:

::

    var dummy_text_server = TextServerManager.find_interface("Dummy")
    if dummy_text_server != null:
        TextServerManager.set_primary_interface(dummy_text_server)
        # If the other text servers are unneeded, they can be removed:
        for i in TextServerManager.get_interface_count():
            var text_server = TextServerManager.get_interface(i)
            if text_server != dummy_text_server:
                TextServerManager.remove_interface(text_server)

The command line argument ``--text-driver Dummy`` (case-sensitive) can be used to force the "Dummy" :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` on any project.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
