classes/class_panoramaskymaterial.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PanoramaSkyMaterial.xml.

.. _class_PanoramaSkyMaterial:

PanoramaSkyMaterial
===================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Material<class_Material>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A :ref:`Material<class_Material>` used with :ref:`Sky<class_Sky>` to draw a background texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resource referenced in a :ref:`Sky<class_Sky>` that is used to draw a background. The Panorama sky material functions similar to skyboxes in other engines, except it uses an equirectangular sky map instead of a cubemap.

Using an HDR panorama is strongly recommended for accurate, high-quality reflections. Godot supports the Radiance HDR (``.hdr``) and OpenEXR (``.exr``) image formats for this purpose.

You can use `this tool <https://danilw.github.io/GLSL-howto/cubemap_to_panorama_js/cubemap_to_panorama.html>`__ to convert a cubemap to an equirectangular sky map.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`filter<class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_filter>`     | ``true`` |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`panorama<class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_panorama>` |          |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_filter:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **filter** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_filtering_enabled** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_filtering_enabled** **(** **)**

A boolean value to determine if the background texture should be filtered or not.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_panorama:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **panorama**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_panorama** **(** :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` value **)**
- :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **get_panorama** **(** **)**

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` to be applied to the **PanoramaSkyMaterial**.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (b51ee8b)

classes/class_panoramaskymaterial.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PanoramaSkyMaterial.xml.

.. _class_PanoramaSkyMaterial:

PanoramaSkyMaterial
===================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Material<class_Material>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A material that provides a special texture to a :ref:`Sky<class_Sky>`, usually an HDR panorama.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resource referenced in a :ref:`Sky<class_Sky>` that is used to draw a background. **PanoramaSkyMaterial** functions similar to skyboxes in other engines, except it uses an equirectangular sky map instead of a :ref:`Cubemap<class_Cubemap>`.

Using an HDR panorama is strongly recommended for accurate, high-quality reflections. Godot supports the Radiance HDR (``.hdr``) and OpenEXR (``.exr``) image formats for this purpose.

You can use `this tool <https://danilw.github.io/GLSL-howto/cubemap_to_panorama_js/cubemap_to_panorama.html>`__ to convert a cubemap to an equirectangular sky map.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`filter<class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_filter>`     | ``true`` |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`panorama<class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_panorama>` |          |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_filter:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **filter** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_filtering_enabled** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_filtering_enabled** **(** **)**

A boolean value to determine if the background texture should be filtered or not.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PanoramaSkyMaterial_property_panorama:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **panorama**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_panorama** **(** :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` value **)**
- :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **get_panorama** **(** **)**

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` to be applied to the **PanoramaSkyMaterial**.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
