classes/class_fogmaterial.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FogMaterial.xml.

.. _class_FogMaterial:

FogMaterial
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Material<class_Material>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

:ref:`Material<class_Material>` used with a :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>` to draw things with the volumetric fog effect.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A :ref:`Material<class_Material>` resource that can be used by :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`\ s to draw volumetric effects.

If you need more advanced effects, use a custom :doc:`fog shader <../tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/fog_shader>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`         | :ref:`albedo<class_FogMaterial_property_albedo>`                   | ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)`` |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`         | :ref:`density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>`                 | ``1.0``               |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` | :ref:`density_texture<class_FogMaterial_property_density_texture>` |                       |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`         | :ref:`edge_fade<class_FogMaterial_property_edge_fade>`             | ``0.1``               |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`         | :ref:`emission<class_FogMaterial_property_emission>`               | ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)`` |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`         | :ref:`height_falloff<class_FogMaterial_property_height_falloff>`   | ``0.0``               |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_albedo:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **albedo** = ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_albedo** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_albedo** **(** **)**

The single-scattering :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. Internally, :ref:`albedo<class_FogMaterial_property_albedo>` is converted into single-scattering, which is additively blended with other :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`\ s and the :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_albedo<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_albedo>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_density:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **density** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_density** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_density** **(** **)**

The density of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. Denser objects are more opaque, but may suffer from under-sampling artifacts that look like stripes. Negative values can be used to subtract fog from other :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`\ s or global volumetric fog.

\ **Note:** Due to limited precision, :ref:`density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>` values between ``-0.001`` and ``0.001`` (exclusive) act like ``0.0``. This does not apply to :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_density<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_density>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_density_texture:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` **density_texture**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_density_texture** **(** :ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` value **)**
- :ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` **get_density_texture** **(** **)**

The 3D texture that is used to scale the :ref:`density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>` of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. This can be used to vary fog density within the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>` with any kind of static pattern. For animated effects, consider using a custom :doc:`fog shader <../tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/fog_shader>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_edge_fade:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **edge_fade** = ``0.1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_edge_fade** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_edge_fade** **(** **)**

The hardness of the edges of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. A higher value will result in softer edges, while a lower value will result in harder edges.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_emission:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **emission** = ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_emission** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_emission** **(** **)**

The :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the light emitted by the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. Emitted light will not cast light or shadows on other objects, but can be useful for modulating the :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>` independently from light sources.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_height_falloff:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **height_falloff** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height_falloff** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_height_falloff** **(** **)**

The rate by which the height-based fog decreases in density as height increases in world space. A high falloff will result in a sharp transition, while a low falloff will result in a smoother transition. A value of ``0.0`` results in uniform-density fog. The height threshold is determined by the height of the associated :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_fogmaterial.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FogMaterial.xml.

.. _class_FogMaterial:

FogMaterial
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Material<class_Material>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A material that controls how volumetric fog is rendered, to be assigned to a :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A :ref:`Material<class_Material>` resource that can be used by :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`\ s to draw volumetric effects.

If you need more advanced effects, use a custom :doc:`fog shader <../tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/fog_shader>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`         | :ref:`albedo<class_FogMaterial_property_albedo>`                   | ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)`` |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`         | :ref:`density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>`                 | ``1.0``               |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` | :ref:`density_texture<class_FogMaterial_property_density_texture>` |                       |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`         | :ref:`edge_fade<class_FogMaterial_property_edge_fade>`             | ``0.1``               |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`         | :ref:`emission<class_FogMaterial_property_emission>`               | ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)`` |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`         | :ref:`height_falloff<class_FogMaterial_property_height_falloff>`   | ``0.0``               |
   +-----------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_albedo:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **albedo** = ``Color(1, 1, 1, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_albedo** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_albedo** **(** **)**

The single-scattering :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. Internally, :ref:`albedo<class_FogMaterial_property_albedo>` is converted into single-scattering, which is additively blended with other :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`\ s and the :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_albedo<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_albedo>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_density:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **density** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_density** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_density** **(** **)**

The density of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. Denser objects are more opaque, but may suffer from under-sampling artifacts that look like stripes. Negative values can be used to subtract fog from other :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`\ s or global volumetric fog.

\ **Note:** Due to limited precision, :ref:`density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>` values between ``-0.001`` and ``0.001`` (exclusive) act like ``0.0``. This does not apply to :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_density<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_density>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_density_texture:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` **density_texture**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_density_texture** **(** :ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` value **)**
- :ref:`Texture3D<class_Texture3D>` **get_density_texture** **(** **)**

The 3D texture that is used to scale the :ref:`density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>` of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. This can be used to vary fog density within the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>` with any kind of static pattern. For animated effects, consider using a custom :doc:`fog shader <../tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/fog_shader>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_edge_fade:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **edge_fade** = ``0.1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_edge_fade** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_edge_fade** **(** **)**

The hardness of the edges of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. A higher value will result in softer edges, while a lower value will result in harder edges.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_emission:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **emission** = ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_emission** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_emission** **(** **)**

The :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the light emitted by the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`. Emitted light will not cast light or shadows on other objects, but can be useful for modulating the :ref:`Color<class_Color>` of the :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>` independently from light sources.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogMaterial_property_height_falloff:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **height_falloff** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height_falloff** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_height_falloff** **(** **)**

The rate by which the height-based fog decreases in density as height increases in world space. A high falloff will result in a sharp transition, while a low falloff will result in a smoother transition. A value of ``0.0`` results in uniform-density fog. The height threshold is determined by the height of the associated :ref:`FogVolume<class_FogVolume>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
