classes/class_scenereplicationconfig.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/multiplayer/doc_classes/SceneReplicationConfig.xml.

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig:

SceneReplicationConfig
======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Configuration for properties to synchronize with a :ref:`MultiplayerSynchronizer<class_MultiplayerSynchronizer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`add_property<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_add_property>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`int<class_int>` index=-1 **)**              |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`NodePath[]<class_NodePath>` | :ref:`get_properties<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_get_properties>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`has_property<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_has_property>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|                                      |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`property_get_index<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_index>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|                          |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`property_get_spawn<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_spawn>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                  |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`property_get_sync<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_sync>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                    |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`property_set_spawn<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_spawn>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)** |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`property_set_sync<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_sync>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**   |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`remove_property<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_remove_property>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                        |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_add_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_property** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`int<class_int>` index=-1 **)**

Adds the property identified by the given ``path`` to the list of the properties being synchronized, optionally passing an ``index``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_get_properties:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`NodePath[]<class_NodePath>` **get_properties** **(** **)** |const|

Returns a list of synchronized property :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>`\ s.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_has_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_property** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|

Returns whether the given ``path`` is configured for synchronization.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_index:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **property_get_index** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|

Finds the index of the given ``path``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_spawn:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **property_get_spawn** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Returns whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on spawn.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **property_get_sync** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Returns whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on process.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_spawn:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **property_set_spawn** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**

Sets whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on spawn.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **property_set_sync** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**

Sets whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on process.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_remove_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_property** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Removes the property identified by the given ``path`` from the configuration.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_scenereplicationconfig.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/multiplayer/doc_classes/SceneReplicationConfig.xml.

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig:

SceneReplicationConfig
======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Configuration for properties to synchronize with a :ref:`MultiplayerSynchronizer<class_MultiplayerSynchronizer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`add_property<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_add_property>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`int<class_int>` index=-1 **)**              |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`NodePath[]<class_NodePath>` | :ref:`get_properties<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_get_properties>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`has_property<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_has_property>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|                                      |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`property_get_index<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_index>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|                          |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`property_get_spawn<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_spawn>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                  |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`property_get_sync<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_sync>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                    |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`           | :ref:`property_get_watch<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_watch>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                  |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`property_set_spawn<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_spawn>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)** |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`property_set_sync<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_sync>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**   |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`property_set_watch<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_watch>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)** |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                              | :ref:`remove_property<class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_remove_property>` **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**                                        |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_add_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_property** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`int<class_int>` index=-1 **)**

Adds the property identified by the given ``path`` to the list of the properties being synchronized, optionally passing an ``index``.

\ **Note:** For details on restrictions and limitations on property synchronization, see :ref:`MultiplayerSynchronizer<class_MultiplayerSynchronizer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_get_properties:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`NodePath[]<class_NodePath>` **get_properties** **(** **)** |const|

Returns a list of synchronized property :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>`\ s.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_has_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_property** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|

Returns whether the given ``path`` is configured for synchronization.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_index:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **property_get_index** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)** |const|

Finds the index of the given ``path``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_spawn:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **property_get_spawn** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Returns whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on spawn.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **property_get_sync** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Returns whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on process.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_get_watch:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **property_get_watch** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Returns whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be reliably synchronized when changes are detected on process.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_spawn:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **property_set_spawn** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**

Sets whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on spawn.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **property_set_sync** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**

Sets whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be synchronized on process.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_property_set_watch:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **property_set_watch** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` enabled **)**

Sets whether the property identified by the given ``path`` is configured to be reliably synchronized when changes are detected on process.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SceneReplicationConfig_method_remove_property:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_property** **(** :ref:`NodePath<class_NodePath>` path **)**

Removes the property identified by the given ``path`` from the configuration.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
