classes/class_navigationpathqueryparameters2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/NavigationPathQueryParameters2D.xml.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D:

NavigationPathQueryParameters2D
===============================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Parameters to be sent to a 2D navigation path query.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This class contains the start and target position and other parameters to be used with :ref:`NavigationServer2D.query_path<class_NavigationServer2D_method_query_path>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using NavigationPathQueryObjects <../tutorials/navigation/navigation_using_navigationpathqueryobjects>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`RID<class_RID>`                                                                  | :ref:`map<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_map>`                                     |                   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>`       | :ref:`metadata_flags<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_metadata_flags>`               | ``7``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                                                  | :ref:`navigation_layers<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_navigation_layers>`         | ``1``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>`     | :ref:`path_postprocessing<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_path_postprocessing>`     | ``0``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` | :ref:`pathfinding_algorithm<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_pathfinding_algorithm>` | ``0``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                                                          | :ref:`start_position<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_start_position>`               | ``Vector2(0, 0)`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                                                          | :ref:`target_position<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_target_position>`             | ``Vector2(0, 0)`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **PathfindingAlgorithm**:

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATHFINDING_ALGORITHM_ASTAR:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` **PATHFINDING_ALGORITHM_ASTAR** = ``0``

The path query uses the default A\* pathfinding algorithm.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **PathPostProcessing**:

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_POSTPROCESSING_CORRIDORFUNNEL:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **PATH_POSTPROCESSING_CORRIDORFUNNEL** = ``0``

Applies a funnel algorithm to the raw path corridor found by the pathfinding algorithm. This will result in the shortest path possible inside the path corridor. This postprocessing very much depends on the navigation mesh polygon layout and the created corridor. Especially tile- or gridbased layouts can face artificial corners with diagonal movement due to a jagged path corridor imposed by the cell shapes.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_POSTPROCESSING_EDGECENTERED:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **PATH_POSTPROCESSING_EDGECENTERED** = ``1``

Centers every path position in the middle of the traveled navigation mesh polygon edge. This creates better paths for tile- or gridbased layouts that restrict the movement to the cells center.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

flags **PathMetadataFlags**:

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_NONE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_NONE** = ``0``

Don't include any additional metadata about the returned path.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_TYPES:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_TYPES** = ``1``

Include the type of navigation primitive (region or link) that each point of the path goes through.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_RIDS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_RIDS** = ``2``

Include the :ref:`RID<class_RID>`\ s of the regions and links that each point of the path goes through.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_OWNERS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_OWNERS** = ``4``

Include the ``ObjectID``\ s of the :ref:`Object<class_Object>`\ s which manage the regions and links each point of the path goes through.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_ALL:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_ALL** = ``7``

Include all available metadata about the returned path.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_map:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`RID<class_RID>` **map**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_map** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` value **)**
- :ref:`RID<class_RID>` **get_map** **(** **)**

The navigation ``map`` :ref:`RID<class_RID>` used in the path query.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_metadata_flags:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **metadata_flags** = ``7``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_metadata_flags** **(** :ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` value **)**
- :ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **get_metadata_flags** **(** **)**

Additional information to include with the navigation path.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_navigation_layers:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **navigation_layers** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_navigation_layers** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_navigation_layers** **(** **)**

The navigation layers the query will use (as a bitmask).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_path_postprocessing:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **path_postprocessing** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_path_postprocessing** **(** :ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` value **)**
- :ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **get_path_postprocessing** **(** **)**

The path postprocessing applied to the raw path corridor found by the :ref:`pathfinding_algorithm<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_pathfinding_algorithm>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_pathfinding_algorithm:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` **pathfinding_algorithm** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_pathfinding_algorithm** **(** :ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` value **)**
- :ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` **get_pathfinding_algorithm** **(** **)**

The pathfinding algorithm used in the path query.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_start_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **start_position** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_start_position** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_start_position** **(** **)**

The pathfinding start position in global coordinates.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_target_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **target_position** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_target_position** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_target_position** **(** **)**

The pathfinding target position in global coordinates.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_navigationpathqueryparameters2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/NavigationPathQueryParameters2D.xml.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D:

NavigationPathQueryParameters2D
===============================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Provides parameters for 2D navigation path queries.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

By changing various properties of this object, such as the start and target position, you can configure path queries to the :ref:`NavigationServer2D<class_NavigationServer2D>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using NavigationPathQueryObjects <../tutorials/navigation/navigation_using_navigationpathqueryobjects>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`RID<class_RID>`                                                                  | :ref:`map<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_map>`                                     |                   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>`       | :ref:`metadata_flags<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_metadata_flags>`               | ``7``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                                                  | :ref:`navigation_layers<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_navigation_layers>`         | ``1``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>`     | :ref:`path_postprocessing<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_path_postprocessing>`     | ``0``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` | :ref:`pathfinding_algorithm<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_pathfinding_algorithm>` | ``0``             |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                                                          | :ref:`start_position<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_start_position>`               | ``Vector2(0, 0)`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                                                          | :ref:`target_position<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_target_position>`             | ``Vector2(0, 0)`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **PathfindingAlgorithm**:

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATHFINDING_ALGORITHM_ASTAR:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` **PATHFINDING_ALGORITHM_ASTAR** = ``0``

The path query uses the default A\* pathfinding algorithm.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **PathPostProcessing**:

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_POSTPROCESSING_CORRIDORFUNNEL:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **PATH_POSTPROCESSING_CORRIDORFUNNEL** = ``0``

Applies a funnel algorithm to the raw path corridor found by the pathfinding algorithm. This will result in the shortest path possible inside the path corridor. This postprocessing very much depends on the navigation mesh polygon layout and the created corridor. Especially tile- or gridbased layouts can face artificial corners with diagonal movement due to a jagged path corridor imposed by the cell shapes.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_POSTPROCESSING_EDGECENTERED:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **PATH_POSTPROCESSING_EDGECENTERED** = ``1``

Centers every path position in the middle of the traveled navigation mesh polygon edge. This creates better paths for tile- or gridbased layouts that restrict the movement to the cells center.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

flags **PathMetadataFlags**:

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_NONE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_NONE** = ``0``

Don't include any additional metadata about the returned path.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_TYPES:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_TYPES** = ``1``

Include the type of navigation primitive (region or link) that each point of the path goes through.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_RIDS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_RIDS** = ``2``

Include the :ref:`RID<class_RID>`\ s of the regions and links that each point of the path goes through.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_OWNERS:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_OWNERS** = ``4``

Include the ``ObjectID``\ s of the :ref:`Object<class_Object>`\ s which manage the regions and links each point of the path goes through.

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_constant_PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_ALL:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **PATH_METADATA_INCLUDE_ALL** = ``7``

Include all available metadata about the returned path.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_map:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`RID<class_RID>` **map**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_map** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` value **)**
- :ref:`RID<class_RID>` **get_map** **(** **)**

The navigation ``map`` :ref:`RID<class_RID>` used in the path query.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_metadata_flags:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **metadata_flags** = ``7``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_metadata_flags** **(** :ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` value **)**
- :ref:`PathMetadataFlags<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathMetadataFlags>` **get_metadata_flags** **(** **)**

Additional information to include with the navigation path.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_navigation_layers:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **navigation_layers** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_navigation_layers** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_navigation_layers** **(** **)**

The navigation layers the query will use (as a bitmask).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_path_postprocessing:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **path_postprocessing** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_path_postprocessing** **(** :ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` value **)**
- :ref:`PathPostProcessing<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathPostProcessing>` **get_path_postprocessing** **(** **)**

The path postprocessing applied to the raw path corridor found by the :ref:`pathfinding_algorithm<class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_pathfinding_algorithm>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_pathfinding_algorithm:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` **pathfinding_algorithm** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_pathfinding_algorithm** **(** :ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` value **)**
- :ref:`PathfindingAlgorithm<enum_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_PathfindingAlgorithm>` **get_pathfinding_algorithm** **(** **)**

The pathfinding algorithm used in the path query.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_start_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **start_position** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_start_position** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_start_position** **(** **)**

The pathfinding start position in global coordinates.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_NavigationPathQueryParameters2D_property_target_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **target_position** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_target_position** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_target_position** **(** **)**

The pathfinding target position in global coordinates.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
