classes/class_vflowcontainer.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/VFlowContainer.xml.

.. _class_VFlowContainer:

VFlowContainer
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`FlowContainer<class_FlowContainer>` **<** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Vertical flow container.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Vertical version of :ref:`FlowContainer<class_FlowContainer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`h_separation<class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`v_separation<class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **h_separation** = ``4``

The horizontal separation of children nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **v_separation** = ``4``

The vertical separation of children nodes.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_vflowcontainer.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/VFlowContainer.xml.

.. _class_VFlowContainer:

VFlowContainer
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`FlowContainer<class_FlowContainer>` **<** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A container that arranges its child controls vertically and wraps them around at the borders.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A variant of :ref:`FlowContainer<class_FlowContainer>` that can only arrange its child controls vertically, wrapping them around at the borders. This is similar to how text in a book wraps around when no more words can fit on a line, except vertically.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using Containers <../tutorials/ui/gui_containers>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`h_separation<class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`v_separation<class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation>` | ``4`` |
   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_h_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **h_separation** = ``4``

The horizontal separation of children nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VFlowContainer_theme_constant_v_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **v_separation** = ``4``

The vertical separation of children nodes.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
