classes/class_rduniform.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDUniform.xml.

.. _class_RDUniform:

RDUniform
=========

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Shader uniform (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                | :ref:`binding<class_RDUniform_property_binding>`           | ``0`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` | :ref:`uniform_type<class_RDUniform_property_uniform_type>` | ``3`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                    | :ref:`add_id<class_RDUniform_method_add_id>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` id **)** |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                    | :ref:`clear_ids<class_RDUniform_method_clear_ids>` **(** **)**                    |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`RID[]<class_RID>` | :ref:`get_ids<class_RDUniform_method_get_ids>` **(** **)** |const|                |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDUniform_property_binding:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **binding** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_binding** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_binding** **(** **)**

The uniform's binding.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDUniform_property_uniform_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` **uniform_type** = ``3``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_uniform_type** **(** :ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` value **)**
- :ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` **get_uniform_type** **(** **)**

The uniform's data type.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDUniform_method_add_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_id** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` id **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDUniform_method_clear_ids:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **clear_ids** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDUniform_method_get_ids:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`RID[]<class_RID>` **get_ids** **(** **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (10e1114)

classes/class_rduniform.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDUniform.xml.

.. _class_RDUniform:

RDUniform
=========

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Shader uniform (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                | :ref:`binding<class_RDUniform_property_binding>`           | ``0`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` | :ref:`uniform_type<class_RDUniform_property_uniform_type>` | ``3`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                    | :ref:`add_id<class_RDUniform_method_add_id>` **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` id **)** |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                    | :ref:`clear_ids<class_RDUniform_method_clear_ids>` **(** **)**                    |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`RID[]<class_RID>` | :ref:`get_ids<class_RDUniform_method_get_ids>` **(** **)** |const|                |
   +-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDUniform_property_binding:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **binding** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_binding** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_binding** **(** **)**

The uniform's binding.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDUniform_property_uniform_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` **uniform_type** = ``3``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_uniform_type** **(** :ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` value **)**
- :ref:`UniformType<enum_RenderingDevice_UniformType>` **get_uniform_type** **(** **)**

The uniform's data type.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDUniform_method_add_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_id** **(** :ref:`RID<class_RID>` id **)**

Binds the given id to the uniform. The data associated with the id is then used when the uniform is passed to a shader.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDUniform_method_clear_ids:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **clear_ids** **(** **)**

Unbinds all ids currently bound to the uniform.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDUniform_method_get_ids:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`RID[]<class_RID>` **get_ids** **(** **)** |const|

Returns an array of all ids currently bound to the uniform.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
