classes/class_shaderglobalsoverride.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ShaderGlobalsOverride.xml.

.. _class_ShaderGlobalsOverride:

ShaderGlobalsOverride
=====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Overrides global shader parameters' values in a specific scene.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Similar to how a :ref:`WorldEnvironment<class_WorldEnvironment>` node can be used to override the environment while a specific scene is loaded, **ShaderGlobalsOverride** can be used to override global shader parameters temporarily. Once the node is removed, the project-wide values for the global shader parameters are restored. See the :ref:`RenderingServer<class_RenderingServer>` ``global_shader_parameter_*`` methods for more information.

\ **Note:** Only one **ShaderGlobalsOverride** can be used per scene. If there is more than one **ShaderGlobalsOverride** node in the scene tree, only the first node (in tree order) will be taken into account.

\ **Note:** All **ShaderGlobalsOverride** nodes are made part of a ``"shader_overrides_group"`` group when they are added to the scene tree. The currently active **ShaderGlobalsOverride** node also has a ``"shader_overrides_group_active"`` group added to it. You can use this to check which **ShaderGlobalsOverride** node is currently active.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (b51ee8b)

classes/class_shaderglobalsoverride.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ShaderGlobalsOverride.xml.

.. _class_ShaderGlobalsOverride:

ShaderGlobalsOverride
=====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A node used to override global shader parameters' values in a scene.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Similar to how a :ref:`WorldEnvironment<class_WorldEnvironment>` node can be used to override the environment while a specific scene is loaded, **ShaderGlobalsOverride** can be used to override global shader parameters temporarily. Once the node is removed, the project-wide values for the global shader parameters are restored. See the :ref:`RenderingServer<class_RenderingServer>` ``global_shader_parameter_*`` methods for more information.

\ **Note:** Only one **ShaderGlobalsOverride** can be used per scene. If there is more than one **ShaderGlobalsOverride** node in the scene tree, only the first node (in tree order) will be taken into account.

\ **Note:** All **ShaderGlobalsOverride** nodes are made part of a ``"shader_overrides_group"`` group when they are added to the scene tree. The currently active **ShaderGlobalsOverride** node also has a ``"shader_overrides_group_active"`` group added to it. You can use this to check which **ShaderGlobalsOverride** node is currently active.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Shading language <../tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shading_language>`

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
