classes/class_systemfont.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/SystemFont.xml.

.. _class_SystemFont:

SystemFont
==========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Font<class_Font>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A font loaded from a system font. Falls back to a default theme font if not implemented on the host OS.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**SystemFont** loads a font from a system font with the first matching name from :ref:`font_names<class_SystemFont_property_font_names>`.

It will attempt to match font style, but it's not guaranteed.

The returned font might be part of a font collection or be a variable font with OpenType "weight", "width" and/or "italic" features set.

You can create :ref:`FontVariation<class_FontVariation>` of the system font for fine control over its features.

\ **Note:** This class is implemented on iOS, Linux, macOS and Windows, on other platforms it will fallback to default theme font.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`allow_system_fallback<class_SystemFont_property_allow_system_fallback>`                           | ``true``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>`       | :ref:`antialiasing<class_SystemFont_property_antialiasing>`                                             | ``1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`Font[]<class_Font>`                                       | :ref:`fallbacks<class_SystemFont_property_fallbacks>`                                                   | ``[]``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`font_italic<class_SystemFont_property_font_italic>`                                               | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>`               | :ref:`font_names<class_SystemFont_property_font_names>`                                                 | ``PackedStringArray()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`font_stretch<class_SystemFont_property_font_stretch>`                                             | ``100``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`font_weight<class_SystemFont_property_font_weight>`                                               | ``400``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`force_autohinter<class_SystemFont_property_force_autohinter>`                                     | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`generate_mipmaps<class_SystemFont_property_generate_mipmaps>`                                     | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>`                         | :ref:`hinting<class_SystemFont_property_hinting>`                                                       | ``1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`msdf_pixel_range<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range>`                                     | ``16``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`msdf_size<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_size>`                                                   | ``48``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`multichannel_signed_distance_field<class_SystemFont_property_multichannel_signed_distance_field>` | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                       | :ref:`oversampling<class_SystemFont_property_oversampling>`                                             | ``0.0``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` | :ref:`subpixel_positioning<class_SystemFont_property_subpixel_positioning>`                             | ``1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_SystemFont_property_allow_system_fallback:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **allow_system_fallback** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_allow_system_fallback** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_allow_system_fallback** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, system fonts can be automatically used as fallbacks.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_antialiasing:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>` **antialiasing** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_antialiasing** **(** :ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>` value **)**
- :ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>` **get_antialiasing** **(** **)**

Font anti-aliasing mode.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_fallbacks:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Font[]<class_Font>` **fallbacks** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fallbacks** **(** :ref:`Font[]<class_Font>` value **)**
- :ref:`Font[]<class_Font>` **get_fallbacks** **(** **)**

Array of fallback :ref:`Font<class_Font>`\ s.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_italic:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **font_italic** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_italic** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_font_italic** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, italic or oblique font is preferred.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_names:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` **font_names** = ``PackedStringArray()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_names** **(** :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` **get_font_names** **(** **)**

Array of font family names to search, first matching font found is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_stretch:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **font_stretch** = ``100``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_stretch** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_font_stretch** **(** **)**

Preferred font stretch amount, compared to a normal width. A percentage value between ``50%`` and ``200%``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_weight:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **font_weight** = ``400``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_weight** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_font_weight** **(** **)**

Preferred weight (boldness) of the font. A value in the ``100...999`` range, normal font weight is ``400``, bold font weight is ``700``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_force_autohinter:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **force_autohinter** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_force_autohinter** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_force_autohinter** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, auto-hinting is supported and preferred over font built-in hinting.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_generate_mipmaps:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **generate_mipmaps** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_generate_mipmaps** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_generate_mipmaps** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, generate mipmaps for the font textures.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_hinting:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>` **hinting** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_hinting** **(** :ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>` value **)**
- :ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>` **get_hinting** **(** **)**

Font hinting mode.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **msdf_pixel_range** = ``16``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_msdf_pixel_range** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_msdf_pixel_range** **(** **)**

The width of the range around the shape between the minimum and maximum representable signed distance. If using font outlines, :ref:`msdf_pixel_range<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range>` must be set to at least *twice* the size of the largest font outline. The default :ref:`msdf_pixel_range<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range>` value of ``16`` allows outline sizes up to ``8`` to look correct.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_msdf_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **msdf_size** = ``48``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_msdf_size** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_msdf_size** **(** **)**

Source font size used to generate MSDF textures. Higher values allow for more precision, but are slower to render and require more memory. Only increase this value if you notice a visible lack of precision in glyph rendering.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_multichannel_signed_distance_field:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **multichannel_signed_distance_field** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_multichannel_signed_distance_field** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_multichannel_signed_distance_field** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, glyphs of all sizes are rendered using single multichannel signed distance field generated from the dynamic font vector data.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_oversampling:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **oversampling** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_oversampling** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_oversampling** **(** **)**

Font oversampling factor, if set to ``0.0`` global oversampling factor is used instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_subpixel_positioning:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` **subpixel_positioning** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_subpixel_positioning** **(** :ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` value **)**
- :ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` **get_subpixel_positioning** **(** **)**

Font glyph subpixel positioning mode. Subpixel positioning provides shaper text and better kerning for smaller font sizes, at the cost of memory usage and font rasterization speed. Use :ref:`TextServer.SUBPIXEL_POSITIONING_AUTO<class_TextServer_constant_SUBPIXEL_POSITIONING_AUTO>` to automatically enable it based on the font size.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_systemfont.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/SystemFont.xml.

.. _class_SystemFont:

SystemFont
==========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Font<class_Font>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A font loaded from a system font. Falls back to a default theme font if not implemented on the host OS.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**SystemFont** loads a font from a system font with the first matching name from :ref:`font_names<class_SystemFont_property_font_names>`.

It will attempt to match font style, but it's not guaranteed.

The returned font might be part of a font collection or be a variable font with OpenType "weight", "width" and/or "italic" features set.

You can create :ref:`FontVariation<class_FontVariation>` of the system font for fine control over its features.

\ **Note:** This class is implemented on iOS, Linux, macOS and Windows, on other platforms it will fallback to default theme font.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`allow_system_fallback<class_SystemFont_property_allow_system_fallback>`                           | ``true``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>`       | :ref:`antialiasing<class_SystemFont_property_antialiasing>`                                             | ``1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`font_italic<class_SystemFont_property_font_italic>`                                               | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>`               | :ref:`font_names<class_SystemFont_property_font_names>`                                                 | ``PackedStringArray()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`font_stretch<class_SystemFont_property_font_stretch>`                                             | ``100``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`font_weight<class_SystemFont_property_font_weight>`                                               | ``400``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`force_autohinter<class_SystemFont_property_force_autohinter>`                                     | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`generate_mipmaps<class_SystemFont_property_generate_mipmaps>`                                     | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>`                         | :ref:`hinting<class_SystemFont_property_hinting>`                                                       | ``1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`msdf_pixel_range<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range>`                                     | ``16``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`msdf_size<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_size>`                                                   | ``48``                  |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`multichannel_signed_distance_field<class_SystemFont_property_multichannel_signed_distance_field>` | ``false``               |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                       | :ref:`oversampling<class_SystemFont_property_oversampling>`                                             | ``0.0``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+
   | :ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` | :ref:`subpixel_positioning<class_SystemFont_property_subpixel_positioning>`                             | ``1``                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_SystemFont_property_allow_system_fallback:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **allow_system_fallback** = ``true``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_allow_system_fallback** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_allow_system_fallback** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, system fonts can be automatically used as fallbacks.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_antialiasing:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>` **antialiasing** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_antialiasing** **(** :ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>` value **)**
- :ref:`FontAntialiasing<enum_TextServer_FontAntialiasing>` **get_antialiasing** **(** **)**

Font anti-aliasing mode.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_italic:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **font_italic** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_italic** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_font_italic** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, italic or oblique font is preferred.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_names:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` **font_names** = ``PackedStringArray()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_names** **(** :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` **get_font_names** **(** **)**

Array of font family names to search, first matching font found is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_stretch:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **font_stretch** = ``100``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_stretch** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_font_stretch** **(** **)**

Preferred font stretch amount, compared to a normal width. A percentage value between ``50%`` and ``200%``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_font_weight:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **font_weight** = ``400``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_font_weight** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_font_weight** **(** **)**

Preferred weight (boldness) of the font. A value in the ``100...999`` range, normal font weight is ``400``, bold font weight is ``700``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_force_autohinter:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **force_autohinter** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_force_autohinter** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_force_autohinter** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, auto-hinting is supported and preferred over font built-in hinting.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_generate_mipmaps:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **generate_mipmaps** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_generate_mipmaps** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_generate_mipmaps** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, generate mipmaps for the font textures.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_hinting:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>` **hinting** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_hinting** **(** :ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>` value **)**
- :ref:`Hinting<enum_TextServer_Hinting>` **get_hinting** **(** **)**

Font hinting mode.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **msdf_pixel_range** = ``16``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_msdf_pixel_range** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_msdf_pixel_range** **(** **)**

The width of the range around the shape between the minimum and maximum representable signed distance. If using font outlines, :ref:`msdf_pixel_range<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range>` must be set to at least *twice* the size of the largest font outline. The default :ref:`msdf_pixel_range<class_SystemFont_property_msdf_pixel_range>` value of ``16`` allows outline sizes up to ``8`` to look correct.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_msdf_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **msdf_size** = ``48``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_msdf_size** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_msdf_size** **(** **)**

Source font size used to generate MSDF textures. Higher values allow for more precision, but are slower to render and require more memory. Only increase this value if you notice a visible lack of precision in glyph rendering.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_multichannel_signed_distance_field:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **multichannel_signed_distance_field** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_multichannel_signed_distance_field** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_multichannel_signed_distance_field** **(** **)**

If set to ``true``, glyphs of all sizes are rendered using single multichannel signed distance field generated from the dynamic font vector data.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_oversampling:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **oversampling** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_oversampling** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_oversampling** **(** **)**

Font oversampling factor, if set to ``0.0`` global oversampling factor is used instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SystemFont_property_subpixel_positioning:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` **subpixel_positioning** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_subpixel_positioning** **(** :ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` value **)**
- :ref:`SubpixelPositioning<enum_TextServer_SubpixelPositioning>` **get_subpixel_positioning** **(** **)**

Font glyph subpixel positioning mode. Subpixel positioning provides shaper text and better kerning for smaller font sizes, at the cost of memory usage and font rasterization speed. Use :ref:`TextServer.SUBPIXEL_POSITIONING_AUTO<class_TextServer_constant_SUBPIXEL_POSITIONING_AUTO>` to automatically enable it based on the font size.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
