classes/class_rdtextureformat.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDTextureFormat.xml.

.. _class_RDTextureFormat:

RDTextureFormat
===============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`array_layers<class_RDTextureFormat_property_array_layers>` | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`depth<class_RDTextureFormat_property_depth>`               | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>`             | :ref:`format<class_RDTextureFormat_property_format>`             | ``8`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`height<class_RDTextureFormat_property_height>`             | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`mipmaps<class_RDTextureFormat_property_mipmaps>`           | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>`     | :ref:`samples<class_RDTextureFormat_property_samples>`           | ``0`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>`           | :ref:`texture_type<class_RDTextureFormat_property_texture_type>` | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` | :ref:`usage_bits<class_RDTextureFormat_property_usage_bits>`     | ``0`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`width<class_RDTextureFormat_property_width>`               | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`add_shareable_format<class_RDTextureFormat_method_add_shareable_format>` **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)**       |
   +------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`remove_shareable_format<class_RDTextureFormat_method_remove_shareable_format>` **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)** |
   +------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_array_layers:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **array_layers** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_array_layers** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_array_layers** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_depth:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **depth** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_depth** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **format** = ``8``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` value **)**
- :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **get_format** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_height:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **height** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_height** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_mipmaps:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **mipmaps** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_mipmaps** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_mipmaps** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_samples:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **samples** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_samples** **(** :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **get_samples** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_texture_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>` **texture_type** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_texture_type** **(** :ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>` **get_texture_type** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_usage_bits:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` **usage_bits** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_usage_bits** **(** :ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` **get_usage_bits** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **width** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_width** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_width** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_method_add_shareable_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_shareable_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_method_remove_shareable_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_shareable_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_rdtextureformat.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDTextureFormat.xml.

.. _class_RDTextureFormat:

RDTextureFormat
===============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Texture format (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`array_layers<class_RDTextureFormat_property_array_layers>` | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`depth<class_RDTextureFormat_property_depth>`               | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>`             | :ref:`format<class_RDTextureFormat_property_format>`             | ``8`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`height<class_RDTextureFormat_property_height>`             | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`mipmaps<class_RDTextureFormat_property_mipmaps>`           | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>`     | :ref:`samples<class_RDTextureFormat_property_samples>`           | ``0`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>`           | :ref:`texture_type<class_RDTextureFormat_property_texture_type>` | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` | :ref:`usage_bits<class_RDTextureFormat_property_usage_bits>`     | ``0`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`width<class_RDTextureFormat_property_width>`               | ``1`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`add_shareable_format<class_RDTextureFormat_method_add_shareable_format>` **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)**       |
   +------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`remove_shareable_format<class_RDTextureFormat_method_remove_shareable_format>` **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)** |
   +------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_array_layers:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **array_layers** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_array_layers** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_array_layers** **(** **)**

The number of layers in the texture. Only relevant for 2D texture arrays.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_depth:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **depth** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_depth** **(** **)**

The texture's depth (in pixels). This is always ``1`` for 2D textures.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **format** = ``8``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` value **)**
- :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` **get_format** **(** **)**

The texture's pixel data format.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_height:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **height** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_height** **(** **)**

The texture's height (in pixels).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_mipmaps:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **mipmaps** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_mipmaps** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_mipmaps** **(** **)**

The number of mipmaps available in the texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_samples:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **samples** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_samples** **(** :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureSamples<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureSamples>` **get_samples** **(** **)**

The number of samples used when sampling the texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_texture_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>` **texture_type** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_texture_type** **(** :ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureType<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureType>` **get_texture_type** **(** **)**

The texture type.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_usage_bits:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` **usage_bits** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_usage_bits** **(** :ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` value **)**
- :ref:`TextureUsageBits<enum_RenderingDevice_TextureUsageBits>` **get_usage_bits** **(** **)**

The texture's usage bits, which determine what can be done using the texture.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_property_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **width** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_width** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_width** **(** **)**

The texture's width (in pixels).

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_method_add_shareable_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_shareable_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDTextureFormat_method_remove_shareable_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_shareable_format** **(** :ref:`DataFormat<enum_RenderingDevice_DataFormat>` format **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
