classes/class_separationrayshape2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/SeparationRayShape2D.xml.

.. _class_SeparationRayShape2D:

SeparationRayShape2D
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape2D<class_Shape2D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Separation ray shape resource for 2D physics.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

2D separation ray shape to be added as a *direct* child of a :ref:`PhysicsBody2D<class_PhysicsBody2D>` or :ref:`Area2D<class_Area2D>` using a :ref:`CollisionShape2D<class_CollisionShape2D>` node. A ray is not really a collision body; instead, it tries to separate itself from whatever is touching its far endpoint. It's often useful for characters.

\ **Performance:** Being a primitive collision shape, **SeparationRayShape2D** is fast to check collisions against.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`length<class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_length>`                 | ``20.0``  |
   +---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`   | :ref:`slide_on_slope<class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_slide_on_slope>` | ``false`` |
   +---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_length:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **length** = ``20.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_length** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_length** **(** **)**

The ray's length.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_slide_on_slope:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **slide_on_slope** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_slide_on_slope** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_slide_on_slope** **(** **)**

If ``false`` (default), the shape always separates and returns a normal along its own direction.

If ``true``, the shape can return the correct normal and separate in any direction, allowing sliding motion on slopes.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_separationrayshape2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/SeparationRayShape2D.xml.

.. _class_SeparationRayShape2D:

SeparationRayShape2D
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape2D<class_Shape2D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A 2D ray shape used for physics collision that tries to separate itself from any collider.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A 2D ray shape, intended for use in physics. Usually used to provide a shape for a :ref:`CollisionShape2D<class_CollisionShape2D>`. When a **SeparationRayShape2D** collides with an object, it tries to separate itself from it by moving its endpoint to the collision point. It can for example be used for spears falling from the sky.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`length<class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_length>`                 | ``20.0``  |
   +---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`   | :ref:`slide_on_slope<class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_slide_on_slope>` | ``false`` |
   +---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_length:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **length** = ``20.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_length** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_length** **(** **)**

The ray's length.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SeparationRayShape2D_property_slide_on_slope:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **slide_on_slope** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_slide_on_slope** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_slide_on_slope** **(** **)**

If ``false`` (default), the shape always separates and returns a normal along its own direction.

If ``true``, the shape can return the correct normal and separate in any direction, allowing sliding motion on slopes.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
