classes/class_gltftexture.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFTexture.xml.

.. _class_GLTFTexture:

GLTFTexture
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`sampler<class_GLTFTexture_property_sampler>`     | ``-1`` |
   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`src_image<class_GLTFTexture_property_src_image>` | ``0``  |
   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GLTFTexture_property_sampler:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sampler** = ``-1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sampler** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sampler** **(** **)**

ID of the texture sampler to use when sampling the image. If -1, then the default texture sampler is used (linear filtering, and repeat wrapping in both axes).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFTexture_property_src_image:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **src_image** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_src_image** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_src_image** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_gltftexture.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFTexture.xml.

.. _class_GLTFTexture:

GLTFTexture
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`sampler<class_GLTFTexture_property_sampler>`     | ``-1`` |
   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`src_image<class_GLTFTexture_property_src_image>` | ``-1`` |
   +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GLTFTexture_property_sampler:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **sampler** = ``-1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_sampler** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_sampler** **(** **)**

ID of the texture sampler to use when sampling the image. If -1, then the default texture sampler is used (linear filtering, and repeat wrapping in both axes).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFTexture_property_src_image:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **src_image** = ``-1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_src_image** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_src_image** **(** **)**

The index of the image associated with this texture, see :ref:`GLTFState.get_images<class_GLTFState_method_get_images>`. If -1, then this texture does not have an image assigned.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
