classes/class_gltfphysicsbody.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFPhysicsBody.xml.

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody:

GLTFPhysicsBody
===============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Represents a GLTF physics body.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Represents a physics body as defined by the ``OMI_physics_body`` GLTF extension. This class is an intermediary between the GLTF data and Godot's nodes, and it's abstracted in a way that allows adding support for different GLTF physics extensions in the future.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `OMI_physics_body GLTF extension <https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_physics_body>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` | :ref:`angular_velocity<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_angular_velocity>` | ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``                 |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`   | :ref:`body_type<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_body_type>`               | ``"static"``                         |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Basis<class_Basis>`     | :ref:`inertia_tensor<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_inertia_tensor>`     | ``Basis(0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)`` |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` | :ref:`linear_velocity<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_linear_velocity>`   | ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``                 |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`     | :ref:`mass<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_mass>`                         | ``1.0``                              |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>`     | :ref:`from_dictionary<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_dictionary>` **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` dictionary **)** |static|  |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>`     | :ref:`from_node<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_node>` **(** :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` body_node **)** |static| |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`               | :ref:`to_dictionary<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_dictionary>` **(** **)** |const|                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` | :ref:`to_node<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_node>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                  |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_angular_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **angular_velocity** = ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_angular_velocity** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_angular_velocity** **(** **)**

The angular velocity of the physics body, in radians per second. This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_body_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **body_type** = ``"static"``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_body_type** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_body_type** **(** **)**

The type of the body. Valid values are "static", "kinematic", "character", "rigid", "vehicle", and "trigger".

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_inertia_tensor:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Basis<class_Basis>` **inertia_tensor** = ``Basis(0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_inertia_tensor** **(** :ref:`Basis<class_Basis>` value **)**
- :ref:`Basis<class_Basis>` **get_inertia_tensor** **(** **)**

The inertia tensor of the physics body, in kilogram meter squared (kg⋅m²). This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

When converted to a Godot :ref:`RigidBody3D<class_RigidBody3D>` node, if this value is zero, then the inertia will be calculated automatically.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_linear_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **linear_velocity** = ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_linear_velocity** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_linear_velocity** **(** **)**

The linear velocity of the physics body, in meters per second. This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_mass:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **mass** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_mass** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_mass** **(** **)**

The mass of the physics body, in kilograms. This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_dictionary:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>` **from_dictionary** **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` dictionary **)** |static|

Creates a new GLTFPhysicsBody instance by parsing the given :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>` **from_node** **(** :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` body_node **)** |static|

Create a new GLTFPhysicsBody instance from the given Godot :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` node.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_dictionary:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **to_dictionary** **(** **)** |const|

Serializes this GLTFPhysicsBody instance into a :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` **to_node** **(** **)** |const|

Converts this GLTFPhysicsBody instance into a Godot :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` node.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_gltfphysicsbody.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gltf/doc_classes/GLTFPhysicsBody.xml.

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody:

GLTFPhysicsBody
===============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Represents a GLTF physics body.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Represents a physics body as defined by the ``OMI_physics_body`` GLTF extension. This class is an intermediary between the GLTF data and Godot's nodes, and it's abstracted in a way that allows adding support for different GLTF physics extensions in the future.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `OMI_physics_body GLTF extension <https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_physics_body>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` | :ref:`angular_velocity<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_angular_velocity>` | ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``                 |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`   | :ref:`body_type<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_body_type>`               | ``"static"``                         |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` | :ref:`center_of_mass<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_center_of_mass>`     | ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``                 |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Basis<class_Basis>`     | :ref:`inertia_tensor<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_inertia_tensor>`     | ``Basis(0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)`` |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` | :ref:`linear_velocity<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_linear_velocity>`   | ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``                 |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`     | :ref:`mass<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_mass>`                         | ``1.0``                              |
   +-------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>`     | :ref:`from_dictionary<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_dictionary>` **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` dictionary **)** |static|  |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>`     | :ref:`from_node<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_node>` **(** :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` body_node **)** |static| |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`               | :ref:`to_dictionary<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_dictionary>` **(** **)** |const|                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` | :ref:`to_node<class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_node>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                  |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_angular_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **angular_velocity** = ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_angular_velocity** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_angular_velocity** **(** **)**

The angular velocity of the physics body, in radians per second. This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_body_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **body_type** = ``"static"``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_body_type** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_body_type** **(** **)**

The type of the body. When importing, this controls what type of :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` node Godot should generate. Valid values are "static", "kinematic", "character", "rigid", "vehicle", and "trigger".

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_center_of_mass:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **center_of_mass** = ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_center_of_mass** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_center_of_mass** **(** **)**

The center of mass of the body, in meters. This is in local space relative to the body. By default, the center of the mass is the body's origin.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_inertia_tensor:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Basis<class_Basis>` **inertia_tensor** = ``Basis(0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_inertia_tensor** **(** :ref:`Basis<class_Basis>` value **)**
- :ref:`Basis<class_Basis>` **get_inertia_tensor** **(** **)**

The inertia tensor of the physics body, in kilogram meter squared (kg⋅m²). This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

When converted to a Godot :ref:`RigidBody3D<class_RigidBody3D>` node, if this value is zero, then the inertia will be calculated automatically.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_linear_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **linear_velocity** = ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_linear_velocity** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_linear_velocity** **(** **)**

The linear velocity of the physics body, in meters per second. This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_property_mass:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **mass** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_mass** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_mass** **(** **)**

The mass of the physics body, in kilograms. This is only used when the body type is "rigid" or "vehicle".

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_dictionary:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>` **from_dictionary** **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` dictionary **)** |static|

Creates a new GLTFPhysicsBody instance by parsing the given :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_from_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`GLTFPhysicsBody<class_GLTFPhysicsBody>` **from_node** **(** :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` body_node **)** |static|

Create a new GLTFPhysicsBody instance from the given Godot :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` node.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_dictionary:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **to_dictionary** **(** **)** |const|

Serializes this GLTFPhysicsBody instance into a :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_GLTFPhysicsBody_method_to_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` **to_node** **(** **)** |const|

Converts this GLTFPhysicsBody instance into a Godot :ref:`CollisionObject3D<class_CollisionObject3D>` node.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
