classes/class_gdscript.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gdscript/doc_classes/GDScript.xml.

.. _class_GDScript:

GDScript
========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Script<class_Script>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A script implemented in the GDScript programming language.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A script implemented in the GDScript programming language. The script extends the functionality of all objects that instantiate it.

Calling :ref:`new<class_GDScript_method_new>` creates a new instance of the script. :ref:`Object.set_script<class_Object_method_set_script>` extends an existing object, if that object's class matches one of the script's base classes.

If you are looking for GDScript's built-in functions, see :ref:`@GDScript<class_@GDScript>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`GDScript documentation index <../tutorials/scripting/gdscript/index>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` | :ref:`new<class_GDScript_method_new>` **(** ... **)** |vararg| |
   +-------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_GDScript_method_new:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` **new** **(** ... **)** |vararg|

Returns a new instance of the script.

For example:

::

    var MyClass = load("myclass.gd")
    var instance = MyClass.new()
    assert(instance.get_script() == MyClass)

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (b51ee8b)

classes/class_gdscript.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules/gdscript/doc_classes/GDScript.xml.

.. _class_GDScript:

GDScript
========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Script<class_Script>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A script implemented in the GDScript programming language.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A script implemented in the GDScript programming language, saved with the ``.gd`` extension. The script extends the functionality of all objects that instantiate it.

Calling :ref:`new<class_GDScript_method_new>` creates a new instance of the script. :ref:`Object.set_script<class_Object_method_set_script>` extends an existing object, if that object's class matches one of the script's base classes.

If you are looking for GDScript's built-in functions, see :ref:`@GDScript<class_@GDScript>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`GDScript documentation index <../tutorials/scripting/gdscript/index>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` | :ref:`new<class_GDScript_method_new>` **(** ... **)** |vararg| |
   +-------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_GDScript_method_new:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` **new** **(** ... **)** |vararg|

Returns a new instance of the script.

For example:

::

    var MyClass = load("myclass.gd")
    var instance = MyClass.new()
    assert(instance.get_script() == MyClass)

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
