classes/class_rdpipelinerasterizationstate.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDPipelineRasterizationState.xml.

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState:

RDPipelineRasterizationState
============================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>`   | :ref:`cull_mode<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_cull_mode>`                                   | ``0``     |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`depth_bias_clamp<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_clamp>`                     | ``0.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`depth_bias_constant_factor<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_constant_factor>` | ``0.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`depth_bias_enabled<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_enabled>`                 | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`depth_bias_slope_factor<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_slope_factor>`       | ``0.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`discard_primitives<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_discard_primitives>`                 | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`enable_depth_clamp<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_enable_depth_clamp>`                 | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` | :ref:`front_face<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_front_face>`                                 | ``0``     |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`line_width<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_line_width>`                                 | ``1.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`patch_control_points<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_patch_control_points>`             | ``1``     |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`wireframe<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_wireframe>`                                   | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_cull_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>` **cull_mode** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_cull_mode** **(** :ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>` **get_cull_mode** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_clamp:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **depth_bias_clamp** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_clamp** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_depth_bias_clamp** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_constant_factor:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **depth_bias_constant_factor** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_constant_factor** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_depth_bias_constant_factor** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_enabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **depth_bias_enabled** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_enabled** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_depth_bias_enabled** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_slope_factor:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **depth_bias_slope_factor** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_slope_factor** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_depth_bias_slope_factor** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_discard_primitives:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **discard_primitives** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_discard_primitives** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_discard_primitives** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_enable_depth_clamp:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_depth_clamp** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_depth_clamp** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_depth_clamp** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_front_face:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` **front_face** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_front_face** **(** :ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` value **)**
- :ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` **get_front_face** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_line_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **line_width** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_line_width** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_line_width** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_patch_control_points:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **patch_control_points** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_patch_control_points** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_patch_control_points** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_wireframe:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **wireframe** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_wireframe** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_wireframe** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_rdpipelinerasterizationstate.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDPipelineRasterizationState.xml.

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState:

RDPipelineRasterizationState
============================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Pipeline rasterization state (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>`   | :ref:`cull_mode<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_cull_mode>`                                   | ``0``     |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`depth_bias_clamp<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_clamp>`                     | ``0.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`depth_bias_constant_factor<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_constant_factor>` | ``0.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`depth_bias_enabled<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_enabled>`                 | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`depth_bias_slope_factor<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_slope_factor>`       | ``0.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`discard_primitives<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_discard_primitives>`                 | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`enable_depth_clamp<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_enable_depth_clamp>`                 | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` | :ref:`front_face<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_front_face>`                                 | ``0``     |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                      | :ref:`line_width<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_line_width>`                                 | ``1.0``   |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                          | :ref:`patch_control_points<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_patch_control_points>`             | ``1``     |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                        | :ref:`wireframe<class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_wireframe>`                                   | ``false`` |
   +----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_cull_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>` **cull_mode** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_cull_mode** **(** :ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`PolygonCullMode<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonCullMode>` **get_cull_mode** **(** **)**

The cull mode to use when drawing polygons, which determines whether front faces or backfaces are hidden.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_clamp:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **depth_bias_clamp** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_clamp** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_depth_bias_clamp** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_constant_factor:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **depth_bias_constant_factor** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_constant_factor** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_depth_bias_constant_factor** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_enabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **depth_bias_enabled** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_enabled** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_depth_bias_enabled** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_depth_bias_slope_factor:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **depth_bias_slope_factor** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_depth_bias_slope_factor** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_depth_bias_slope_factor** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_discard_primitives:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **discard_primitives** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_discard_primitives** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_discard_primitives** **(** **)**

If ``true``, primitives are discarded immediately before the rasterization stage.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_enable_depth_clamp:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_depth_clamp** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_depth_clamp** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_depth_clamp** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_front_face:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` **front_face** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_front_face** **(** :ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` value **)**
- :ref:`PolygonFrontFace<enum_RenderingDevice_PolygonFrontFace>` **get_front_face** **(** **)**

The winding order to use to determine which face of a triangle is considered its front face.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_line_width:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **line_width** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_line_width** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_line_width** **(** **)**

THe line width to use when drawing lines (in pixels). Thick lines may not be supported on all hardware.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_patch_control_points:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **patch_control_points** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_patch_control_points** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_patch_control_points** **(** **)**

The number of control points to use when drawing a patch with tessellation enabled. Higher values result in higher quality at the cost of performance.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineRasterizationState_property_wireframe:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **wireframe** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_wireframe** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_wireframe** **(** **)**

If ``true``, performs wireframe rendering for triangles instead of flat or textured rendering.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
