classes/class_resourceuid.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ResourceUID.xml.

.. _class_ResourceUID:

ResourceUID
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Singleton for managing a cache of resource UIDs within a project.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Resources can not only be referenced using their resource paths ``res://``, but alternatively through a unique identifier specified via ``uid://``.

Using UIDs allows for the engine to keep references between resources intact, even if the files get renamed or moved.

This singleton is responsible for keeping track of all registered resource UIDs of a project, generating new UIDs and converting between the string and integer representation.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`add_id<class_ResourceUID_method_add_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)** |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`create_id<class_ResourceUID_method_create_id>` **(** **)**                                                      |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`get_id_path<class_ResourceUID_method_get_id_path>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                 |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                           |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`id_to_text<class_ResourceUID_method_id_to_text>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                   |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`remove_id<class_ResourceUID_method_remove_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)**                             |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`set_id<class_ResourceUID_method_set_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)** |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`text_to_id<class_ResourceUID_method_text_to_id>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` text_id **)** |const|        |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Constants
---------

.. _class_ResourceUID_constant_INVALID_ID:

.. rst-class:: classref-constant

**INVALID_ID** = ``-1``

The value to use for an invalid UID, for example if the resource could not be loaded.

Its text representation is ``uid://<invalid>``.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_add_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Adds a new UID value which is mapped to the given resource path.

Fails with an error if the UID already exists, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand, or use :ref:`set_id<class_ResourceUID_method_set_id>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_create_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **create_id** **(** **)**

Generates a random resource UID which is guaranteed to be unique within the list of currently loaded UIDs.

In order for this UID to be registered, you must call :ref:`add_id<class_ResourceUID_method_add_id>` or :ref:`set_id<class_ResourceUID_method_set_id>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_get_id_path:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`String<class_String>` **get_id_path** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Returns the path that the given UID value refers to.

Fails with an error if the UID does not exist, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_has_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Returns whether the given UID value is known to the cache.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_id_to_text:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`String<class_String>` **id_to_text** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Converts the given UID to a ``uid://`` string value.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_remove_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)**

Removes a loaded UID value from the cache.

Fails with an error if the UID does not exist, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_set_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Updates the resource path of an existing UID.

Fails with an error if the UID does not exist, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand, or use :ref:`add_id<class_ResourceUID_method_add_id>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_text_to_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **text_to_id** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` text_id **)** |const|

Extracts the UID value from the given ``uid://`` string.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_resourceuid.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ResourceUID.xml.

.. _class_ResourceUID:

ResourceUID
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A singleton that manages the unique identifiers of all resources within a project.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Resource UIDs (Unique IDentifiers) allow the engine to keep references between resources intact, even if files can renamed or moved. They can be accessed with ``uid://``.

\ **ResourceUID** keeps track of all registered resource UIDs in a project, generates new UIDs, and converts between their string and integer representations.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`add_id<class_ResourceUID_method_add_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)** |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`create_id<class_ResourceUID_method_create_id>` **(** **)**                                                      |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`get_id_path<class_ResourceUID_method_get_id_path>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                 |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                           |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`id_to_text<class_ResourceUID_method_id_to_text>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|                   |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`remove_id<class_ResourceUID_method_remove_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)**                             |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`set_id<class_ResourceUID_method_set_id>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)** |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`text_to_id<class_ResourceUID_method_text_to_id>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` text_id **)** |const|        |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Constants
---------

.. _class_ResourceUID_constant_INVALID_ID:

.. rst-class:: classref-constant

**INVALID_ID** = ``-1``

The value to use for an invalid UID, for example if the resource could not be loaded.

Its text representation is ``uid://<invalid>``.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_add_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Adds a new UID value which is mapped to the given resource path.

Fails with an error if the UID already exists, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand, or use :ref:`set_id<class_ResourceUID_method_set_id>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_create_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **create_id** **(** **)**

Generates a random resource UID which is guaranteed to be unique within the list of currently loaded UIDs.

In order for this UID to be registered, you must call :ref:`add_id<class_ResourceUID_method_add_id>` or :ref:`set_id<class_ResourceUID_method_set_id>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_get_id_path:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`String<class_String>` **get_id_path** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Returns the path that the given UID value refers to.

Fails with an error if the UID does not exist, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_has_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Returns whether the given UID value is known to the cache.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_id_to_text:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`String<class_String>` **id_to_text** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)** |const|

Converts the given UID to a ``uid://`` string value.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_remove_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id **)**

Removes a loaded UID value from the cache.

Fails with an error if the UID does not exist, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_set_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` id, :ref:`String<class_String>` path **)**

Updates the resource path of an existing UID.

Fails with an error if the UID does not exist, so be sure to check :ref:`has_id<class_ResourceUID_method_has_id>` beforehand, or use :ref:`add_id<class_ResourceUID_method_add_id>` instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_ResourceUID_method_text_to_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **text_to_id** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` text_id **)** |const|

Extracts the UID value from the given ``uid://`` string.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
