classes/class_vslider.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/VSlider.xml.

.. _class_VSlider:

VSlider
=======

**Inherits:** :ref:`Slider<class_Slider>` **<** :ref:`Range<class_Range>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Vertical slider.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Vertical slider. See :ref:`Slider<class_Slider>`. This one goes from bottom (min) to top (max).

\ **Note:** The :ref:`Range.changed<class_Range_signal_changed>` and :ref:`Range.value_changed<class_Range_signal_value_changed>` signals are part of the :ref:`Range<class_Range>` class which this class inherits from.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`SizeFlags<enum_Control_SizeFlags>` | size_flags_horizontal | ``0`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_size_flags_horizontal>`) |
   +------------------------------------------+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`SizeFlags<enum_Control_SizeFlags>` | size_flags_vertical   | ``1`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_size_flags_vertical>`)   |
   +------------------------------------------+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`grabber_offset<class_VSlider_theme_constant_grabber_offset>`              | ``0`` |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber<class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber>`                                |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber_disabled<class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_disabled>`              |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber_highlight<class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_highlight>`            |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`tick<class_VSlider_theme_icon_tick>`                                      |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`   | :ref:`grabber_area<class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area>`                     |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`   | :ref:`grabber_area_highlight<class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area_highlight>` |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`   | :ref:`slider<class_VSlider_theme_style_slider>`                                 |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_VSlider_theme_constant_grabber_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **grabber_offset** = ``0``

Horizontal offset of the grabber.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber**

The texture for the grabber (the draggable element).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_disabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber_disabled**

The texture for the grabber when it's disabled.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_highlight:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber_highlight**

The texture for the grabber when it's focused.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_tick:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **tick**

The texture for the ticks, visible when :ref:`Slider.tick_count<class_Slider_property_tick_count>` is greater than 0.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **grabber_area**

The background of the area below the grabber.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area_highlight:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **grabber_area_highlight**

The background of the area below the grabber that displays when it's being hovered or focused.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_style_slider:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **slider**

The background for the whole slider. Determines the width of the ``grabber_area``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_vslider.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/VSlider.xml.

.. _class_VSlider:

VSlider
=======

**Inherits:** :ref:`Slider<class_Slider>` **<** :ref:`Range<class_Range>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A vertical slider that goes from bottom (min) to top (max).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A vertical slider, used to adjust a value by moving a grabber along a vertical axis. It is a :ref:`Range<class_Range>`-based control and goes from bottom (min) to top (max). Note that this direction is the opposite of :ref:`VScrollBar<class_VScrollBar>`'s.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`SizeFlags<enum_Control_SizeFlags>` | size_flags_horizontal | ``0`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_size_flags_horizontal>`) |
   +------------------------------------------+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`SizeFlags<enum_Control_SizeFlags>` | size_flags_vertical   | ``1`` (overrides :ref:`Control<class_Control_property_size_flags_vertical>`)   |
   +------------------------------------------+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`center_grabber<class_VSlider_theme_constant_center_grabber>`              | ``0`` |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`grabber_offset<class_VSlider_theme_constant_grabber_offset>`              | ``0`` |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber<class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber>`                                |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber_disabled<class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_disabled>`              |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber_highlight<class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_highlight>`            |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`tick<class_VSlider_theme_icon_tick>`                                      |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`   | :ref:`grabber_area<class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area>`                     |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`   | :ref:`grabber_area_highlight<class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area_highlight>` |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>`   | :ref:`slider<class_VSlider_theme_style_slider>`                                 |       |
   +-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_VSlider_theme_constant_center_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **center_grabber** = ``0``

Boolean constant. If ``1``, the grabber texture size will be ignored and it will fit within slider's bounds based only on its center position.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_constant_grabber_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **grabber_offset** = ``0``

Horizontal offset of the grabber.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber**

The texture for the grabber (the draggable element).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_disabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber_disabled**

The texture for the grabber when it's disabled.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_grabber_highlight:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber_highlight**

The texture for the grabber when it's focused.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_icon_tick:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **tick**

The texture for the ticks, visible when :ref:`Slider.tick_count<class_Slider_property_tick_count>` is greater than 0.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **grabber_area**

The background of the area below the grabber.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_style_grabber_area_highlight:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **grabber_area_highlight**

The background of the area below the grabber that displays when it's being hovered or focused.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VSlider_theme_style_slider:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`StyleBox<class_StyleBox>` **slider**

The background for the whole slider. Determines the width of the ``grabber_area``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
