classes/class_animationnodeadd2.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeAdd2.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeAdd2:

AnimationNodeAdd2
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationNodeSync<class_AnimationNodeSync>` **<** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Blends two animations additively inside of an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resource to add to an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`. Blends two animations additively based on an amount value in the ``[0.0, 1.0]`` range.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_animationnodeadd2.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeAdd2.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeAdd2:

AnimationNodeAdd2
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationNodeSync<class_AnimationNodeSync>` **<** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Blends two animations additively inside of an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resource to add to an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`. Blends two animations additively based on the amount value.

If the amount is greater than ``1.0``, the animation connected to "in" port is blended with the amplified animation connected to "add" port.

If the amount is less than ``0.0``, the animation connected to "in" port is blended with the inverted animation connected to "add" port.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
