classes/class_textservermanager.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/TextServerManager.xml.

.. _class_TextServerManager:

TextServerManager
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Manager for the font and complex text layout servers.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**TextServerManager** is the API backend for loading, enumeration and switching :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`\ s.

\ **Note:** Switching text server at runtime is possible, but will invalidate all fonts and text buffers. Make sure to unload all controls, fonts, and themes before doing so.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                  | :ref:`add_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_add_interface>` **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**             |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`   | :ref:`find_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_find_interface>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name **)** |const|                |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`   | :ref:`get_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` idx **)** |const|                         |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`get_interface_count<class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface_count>` **(** **)** |const|                                       |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_interfaces<class_TextServerManager_method_get_interfaces>` **(** **)** |const|                                                 |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`   | :ref:`get_primary_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_get_primary_interface>` **(** **)** |const|                                   |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                  | :ref:`remove_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_remove_interface>` **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**       |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                  | :ref:`set_primary_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_set_primary_interface>` **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` index **)** |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_TextServerManager_signal_interface_added:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**interface_added** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` interface_name **)**

Emitted when a new interface has been added.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_signal_interface_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**interface_removed** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` interface_name **)**

Emitted when an interface is removed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_add_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_interface** **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**

Registers an :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_find_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **find_interface** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name **)** |const|

Finds an interface by its name.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **get_interface** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` idx **)** |const|

Returns the interface registered at a given index.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_interface_count** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the number of interfaces currently registered.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_interfaces:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_interfaces** **(** **)** |const|

Returns a list of available interfaces the index and name of each interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_primary_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **get_primary_interface** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the primary :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface currently in use.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_remove_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_interface** **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**

Removes interface. All fonts and shaped text caches should be freed before removing interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_set_primary_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_primary_interface** **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` index **)**

Sets the primary :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_textservermanager.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/TextServerManager.xml.

.. _class_TextServerManager:

TextServerManager
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A singleton for managing :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` implementations.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**TextServerManager** is the API backend for loading, enumerating, and switching :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`\ s.

\ **Note:** Switching text server at runtime is possible, but will invalidate all fonts and text buffers. Make sure to unload all controls, fonts, and themes before doing so.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                  | :ref:`add_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_add_interface>` **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**             |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`   | :ref:`find_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_find_interface>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name **)** |const|                |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`   | :ref:`get_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` idx **)** |const|                         |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`get_interface_count<class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface_count>` **(** **)** |const|                                       |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_interfaces<class_TextServerManager_method_get_interfaces>` **(** **)** |const|                                                 |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>`   | :ref:`get_primary_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_get_primary_interface>` **(** **)** |const|                                   |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                  | :ref:`remove_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_remove_interface>` **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**       |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                  | :ref:`set_primary_interface<class_TextServerManager_method_set_primary_interface>` **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` index **)** |
   +---------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_TextServerManager_signal_interface_added:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**interface_added** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` interface_name **)**

Emitted when a new interface has been added.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_signal_interface_removed:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**interface_removed** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` interface_name **)**

Emitted when an interface is removed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_add_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_interface** **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**

Registers a :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_find_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **find_interface** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name **)** |const|

Finds an interface by its ``name``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **get_interface** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` idx **)** |const|

Returns the interface registered at a given index.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_interface_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_interface_count** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the number of interfaces currently registered.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_interfaces:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_interfaces** **(** **)** |const|

Returns a list of available interfaces, with the index and name of each interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_get_primary_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` **get_primary_interface** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the primary :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface currently in use.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_remove_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_interface** **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface **)**

Removes an interface. All fonts and shaped text caches should be freed before removing an interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_TextServerManager_method_set_primary_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_primary_interface** **(** :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` index **)**

Sets the primary :ref:`TextServer<class_TextServer>` interface.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
