classes/class_staticbody2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/StaticBody2D.xml.

.. _class_StaticBody2D:

StaticBody2D
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`PhysicsBody2D<class_PhysicsBody2D>` **<** :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D>` **<** :ref:`Node2D<class_Node2D>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AnimatableBody2D<class_AnimatableBody2D>`

Physics body for 2D physics which is static or moves only by script. Useful for floor and walls.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Static body for 2D physics.

A static body is a simple body that doesn't move under physics simulation, i.e. it can't be moved by external forces or contacts but its transformation can still be updated manually by the user. It is ideal for implementing objects in the environment, such as walls or platforms. In contrast to :ref:`RigidBody2D<class_RigidBody2D>`, it doesn't consume any CPU resources as long as they don't move.

They have extra functionalities to move and affect other bodies:

\ **Static transform change:** Static bodies can be moved by animation or script. In this case, they are just teleported and don't affect other bodies on their path.

\ **Constant velocity:** When :ref:`constant_linear_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_linear_velocity>` or :ref:`constant_angular_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_angular_velocity>` is set, static bodies don't move themselves but affect touching bodies as if they were moving. This is useful for simulating conveyor belts or conveyor wheels.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                     | :ref:`constant_angular_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_angular_velocity>` | ``0.0``           |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                 | :ref:`constant_linear_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_linear_velocity>`   | ``Vector2(0, 0)`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` | :ref:`physics_material_override<class_StaticBody2D_property_physics_material_override>` |                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_angular_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **constant_angular_velocity** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_constant_angular_velocity** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_constant_angular_velocity** **(** **)**

The body's constant angular velocity. This does not rotate the body, but affects touching bodies, as if it were rotating.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_linear_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **constant_linear_velocity** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_constant_linear_velocity** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_constant_linear_velocity** **(** **)**

The body's constant linear velocity. This does not move the body, but affects touching bodies, as if it were moving.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_StaticBody2D_property_physics_material_override:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` **physics_material_override**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_physics_material_override** **(** :ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` value **)**
- :ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` **get_physics_material_override** **(** **)**

The physics material override for the body.

If a material is assigned to this property, it will be used instead of any other physics material, such as an inherited one.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_staticbody2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/StaticBody2D.xml.

.. _class_StaticBody2D:

StaticBody2D
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`PhysicsBody2D<class_PhysicsBody2D>` **<** :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D>` **<** :ref:`Node2D<class_Node2D>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AnimatableBody2D<class_AnimatableBody2D>`

A 2D physics body that can't be moved by external forces. When moved manually, it doesn't affect other bodies in its path.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A static 2D physics body. It can't be moved by external forces or contacts, but can be moved manually by other means such as code, :ref:`AnimationPlayer<class_AnimationPlayer>`\ s (with :ref:`AnimationPlayer.playback_process_mode<class_AnimationPlayer_property_playback_process_mode>` set to ``ANIMATION_PROCESS_PHYSICS``), and :ref:`RemoteTransform2D<class_RemoteTransform2D>`.

When **StaticBody2D** is moved, it is teleported to its new position without affecting other physics bodies in its path. If this is not desired, use :ref:`AnimatableBody2D<class_AnimatableBody2D>` instead.

\ **StaticBody2D** is useful for completely static objects like floors and walls, as well as moving surfaces like conveyor belts and circular revolving platforms (by using :ref:`constant_linear_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_linear_velocity>` and :ref:`constant_angular_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_angular_velocity>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                     | :ref:`constant_angular_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_angular_velocity>` | ``0.0``           |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                 | :ref:`constant_linear_velocity<class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_linear_velocity>`   | ``Vector2(0, 0)`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | :ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` | :ref:`physics_material_override<class_StaticBody2D_property_physics_material_override>` |                   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_angular_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **constant_angular_velocity** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_constant_angular_velocity** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_constant_angular_velocity** **(** **)**

The body's constant angular velocity. This does not rotate the body, but affects touching bodies, as if it were rotating.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_StaticBody2D_property_constant_linear_velocity:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **constant_linear_velocity** = ``Vector2(0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_constant_linear_velocity** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_constant_linear_velocity** **(** **)**

The body's constant linear velocity. This does not move the body, but affects touching bodies, as if it were moving.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_StaticBody2D_property_physics_material_override:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` **physics_material_override**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_physics_material_override** **(** :ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` value **)**
- :ref:`PhysicsMaterial<class_PhysicsMaterial>` **get_physics_material_override** **(** **)**

The physics material override for the body.

If a material is assigned to this property, it will be used instead of any other physics material, such as an inherited one.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
