classes/class_inputeventfromwindow.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/InputEventFromWindow.xml.

.. _class_InputEventFromWindow:

InputEventFromWindow
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`InputEvent<class_InputEvent>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`InputEventScreenDrag<class_InputEventScreenDrag>`, :ref:`InputEventScreenTouch<class_InputEventScreenTouch>`, :ref:`InputEventWithModifiers<class_InputEventWithModifiers>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`window_id<class_InputEventFromWindow_property_window_id>` | ``0`` |
   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_InputEventFromWindow_property_window_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **window_id** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_window_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_window_id** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (809a982)

classes/class_inputeventfromwindow.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/InputEventFromWindow.xml.

.. _class_InputEventFromWindow:

InputEventFromWindow
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`InputEvent<class_InputEvent>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`InputEventScreenDrag<class_InputEventScreenDrag>`, :ref:`InputEventScreenTouch<class_InputEventScreenTouch>`, :ref:`InputEventWithModifiers<class_InputEventWithModifiers>`

Base class for :ref:`Viewport<class_Viewport>`-based input events.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

InputEventFromWindow represents events specifically received by windows. This includes mouse events, keyboard events in focused windows or touch screen actions.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>` | :ref:`window_id<class_InputEventFromWindow_property_window_id>` | ``0`` |
   +-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_InputEventFromWindow_property_window_id:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **window_id** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_window_id** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_window_id** **(** **)**

The ID of a :ref:`Window<class_Window>` that received this event.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
