classes/class_fontvariation.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FontVariation.xml.

.. _class_FontVariation:

FontVariation
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Font<class_Font>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A variation of a font with additional settings.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Provides OpenType variations, simulated bold / slant, and additional font settings like OpenType features and extra spacing.

To use simulated bold font variant:


.. tabs::

 .. code-tab:: gdscript

    var fv = FontVariation.new()
    fv.set_base_font(load("res://BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf"))
    fv.set_variation_embolden(1.2)
    $Label.add_theme_font_override("font", fv)
    $Label.add_theme_font_size_override("font_size", 64)

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    var fv = new FontVariation();
    fv.SetBaseFont(ResourceLoader.Load<FontFile>("res://BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf"));
    fv.SetVariationEmbolden(1.2);
    GetNode("Label").AddThemeFontOverride("font", fv);
    GetNode("Label").AddThemeFontSizeOverride("font_size", 64);



To set the coordinate of multiple variation axes:

::

    var fv = FontVariation.new();
    var ts = TextServerManager.get_primary_interface()
    fv.base_font = load("res://BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf")
    fv.variation_opentype = { ts.name_to_tag("wght"): 900, ts.name_to_tag("custom_hght"): 900 }

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Font<class_Font>`               | :ref:`base_font<class_FontVariation_property_base_font>`                       |                                   |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Font[]<class_Font>`             | :ref:`fallbacks<class_FontVariation_property_fallbacks>`                       | ``[]``                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`   | :ref:`opentype_features<class_FontVariation_property_opentype_features>`       | ``{}``                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_bottom<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_bottom>`             | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_glyph<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_glyph>`               | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_space<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_space>`               | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_top<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_top>`                   | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`             | :ref:`variation_embolden<class_FontVariation_property_variation_embolden>`     | ``0.0``                           |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`variation_face_index<class_FontVariation_property_variation_face_index>` | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`   | :ref:`variation_opentype<class_FontVariation_property_variation_opentype>`     | ``{}``                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` | :ref:`variation_transform<class_FontVariation_property_variation_transform>`   | ``Transform2D(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0)`` |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`set_spacing<class_FontVariation_method_set_spacing>` **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)** |
   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FontVariation_property_base_font:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Font<class_Font>` **base_font**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_base_font** **(** :ref:`Font<class_Font>` value **)**
- :ref:`Font<class_Font>` **get_base_font** **(** **)**

Base font used to create a variation. If not set, default :ref:`Theme<class_Theme>` font is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_fallbacks:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Font[]<class_Font>` **fallbacks** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_fallbacks** **(** :ref:`Font[]<class_Font>` value **)**
- :ref:`Font[]<class_Font>` **get_fallbacks** **(** **)**

Array of fallback :ref:`Font<class_Font>`\ s to use as a substitute if a glyph is not found in this **FontVariation**. If not set, :ref:`base_font<class_FontVariation_property_base_font>`'s fallbacks are used instead.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_opentype_features:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **opentype_features** = ``{}``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_opentype_features** **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` value **)**
- :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **get_opentype_features** **(** **)**

A set of OpenType feature tags. More info: `OpenType feature tags <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/typography/opentype/spec/featuretags>`__.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_bottom:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_bottom** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra spacing at the bottom of the line in pixels.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_glyph:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_glyph** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra spacing between graphical glyphs.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_space:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_space** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra width of the space glyphs.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_top:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_top** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra spacing at the top of the line in pixels.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_embolden:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **variation_embolden** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_embolden** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_variation_embolden** **(** **)**

If is not equal to zero, emboldens the font outlines. Negative values reduce the outline thickness.

\ **Note:** Emboldened fonts might have self-intersecting outlines, which will prevent MSDF fonts and :ref:`TextMesh<class_TextMesh>` from working correctly.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_face_index:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **variation_face_index** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_face_index** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_variation_face_index** **(** **)**

Active face index in the TrueType / OpenType collection file.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_opentype:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **variation_opentype** = ``{}``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_opentype** **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` value **)**
- :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **get_variation_opentype** **(** **)**

Font OpenType variation coordinates. More info: `OpenType variation tags <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/typography/opentype/spec/dvaraxisreg>`__.

\ **Note:** This :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` uses OpenType tags as keys. Variation axes can be identified both by tags(``int``) and names (``string``). Some axes might be accessible by multiple names. For example, ``wght`` refers to the same axis as ``weight``. Tags on the other hand are unique. To convert between names and tags, use :ref:`TextServer.name_to_tag<class_TextServer_method_name_to_tag>` and :ref:`TextServer.tag_to_name<class_TextServer_method_tag_to_name>`.

\ **Note:** To get available variation axes of a font, use :ref:`Font.get_supported_variation_list<class_Font_method_get_supported_variation_list>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_transform:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` **variation_transform** = ``Transform2D(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_transform** **(** :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` value **)**
- :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` **get_variation_transform** **(** **)**

2D transform, applied to the font outlines, can be used for slanting, flipping and rotating glyphs.

For example, to simulate italic typeface by slanting, apply the following transform ``Transform2D(1.0, slant, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0)``.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_FontVariation_method_set_spacing:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**

Sets the spacing for ``type`` (see :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>`) to ``value`` in pixels (not relative to the font size).

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (4714e95)

classes/class_fontvariation.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FontVariation.xml.

.. _class_FontVariation:

FontVariation
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Font<class_Font>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A variation of a font with additional settings.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Provides OpenType variations, simulated bold / slant, and additional font settings like OpenType features and extra spacing.

To use simulated bold font variant:


.. tabs::

 .. code-tab:: gdscript

    var fv = FontVariation.new()
    fv.set_base_font(load("res://BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf"))
    fv.set_variation_embolden(1.2)
    $Label.add_theme_font_override("font", fv)
    $Label.add_theme_font_size_override("font_size", 64)

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    var fv = new FontVariation();
    fv.SetBaseFont(ResourceLoader.Load<FontFile>("res://BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf"));
    fv.SetVariationEmbolden(1.2);
    GetNode("Label").AddThemeFontOverride("font", fv);
    GetNode("Label").AddThemeFontSizeOverride("font_size", 64);



To set the coordinate of multiple variation axes:

::

    var fv = FontVariation.new();
    var ts = TextServerManager.get_primary_interface()
    fv.base_font = load("res://BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf")
    fv.variation_opentype = { ts.name_to_tag("wght"): 900, ts.name_to_tag("custom_hght"): 900 }

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Font<class_Font>`               | :ref:`base_font<class_FontVariation_property_base_font>`                       |                                   |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`   | :ref:`opentype_features<class_FontVariation_property_opentype_features>`       | ``{}``                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_bottom<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_bottom>`             | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_glyph<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_glyph>`               | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_space<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_space>`               | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`spacing_top<class_FontVariation_property_spacing_top>`                   | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`             | :ref:`variation_embolden<class_FontVariation_property_variation_embolden>`     | ``0.0``                           |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                 | :ref:`variation_face_index<class_FontVariation_property_variation_face_index>` | ``0``                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`   | :ref:`variation_opentype<class_FontVariation_property_variation_opentype>`     | ``{}``                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` | :ref:`variation_transform<class_FontVariation_property_variation_transform>`   | ``Transform2D(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0)`` |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`set_spacing<class_FontVariation_method_set_spacing>` **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)** |
   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FontVariation_property_base_font:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Font<class_Font>` **base_font**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_base_font** **(** :ref:`Font<class_Font>` value **)**
- :ref:`Font<class_Font>` **get_base_font** **(** **)**

Base font used to create a variation. If not set, default :ref:`Theme<class_Theme>` font is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_opentype_features:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **opentype_features** = ``{}``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_opentype_features** **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` value **)**
- :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **get_opentype_features** **(** **)**

A set of OpenType feature tags. More info: `OpenType feature tags <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/typography/opentype/spec/featuretags>`__.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_bottom:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_bottom** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra spacing at the bottom of the line in pixels.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_glyph:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_glyph** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra spacing between graphical glyphs.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_space:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_space** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra width of the space glyphs.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_spacing_top:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **spacing_top** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_spacing** **(** **)**

Extra spacing at the top of the line in pixels.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_embolden:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **variation_embolden** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_embolden** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_variation_embolden** **(** **)**

If is not equal to zero, emboldens the font outlines. Negative values reduce the outline thickness.

\ **Note:** Emboldened fonts might have self-intersecting outlines, which will prevent MSDF fonts and :ref:`TextMesh<class_TextMesh>` from working correctly.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_face_index:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **variation_face_index** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_face_index** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_variation_face_index** **(** **)**

Active face index in the TrueType / OpenType collection file.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_opentype:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **variation_opentype** = ``{}``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_opentype** **(** :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` value **)**
- :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **get_variation_opentype** **(** **)**

Font OpenType variation coordinates. More info: `OpenType variation tags <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/typography/opentype/spec/dvaraxisreg>`__.

\ **Note:** This :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` uses OpenType tags as keys. Variation axes can be identified both by tags(``int``) and names (``string``). Some axes might be accessible by multiple names. For example, ``wght`` refers to the same axis as ``weight``. Tags on the other hand are unique. To convert between names and tags, use :ref:`TextServer.name_to_tag<class_TextServer_method_name_to_tag>` and :ref:`TextServer.tag_to_name<class_TextServer_method_tag_to_name>`.

\ **Note:** To get available variation axes of a font, use :ref:`Font.get_supported_variation_list<class_Font_method_get_supported_variation_list>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FontVariation_property_variation_transform:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` **variation_transform** = ``Transform2D(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_variation_transform** **(** :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` value **)**
- :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` **get_variation_transform** **(** **)**

2D transform, applied to the font outlines, can be used for slanting, flipping and rotating glyphs.

For example, to simulate italic typeface by slanting, apply the following transform ``Transform2D(1.0, slant, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0)``.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_FontVariation_method_set_spacing:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_spacing** **(** :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>` spacing, :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**

Sets the spacing for ``type`` (see :ref:`SpacingType<enum_TextServer_SpacingType>`) to ``value`` in pixels (not relative to the font size).

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
