classes/class_rdshaderfile.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDShaderFile.xml.

.. _class_RDShaderFile:

RDShaderFile
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`base_error<class_RDShaderFile_property_base_error>` | ``""`` |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>`         | :ref:`get_spirv<class_RDShaderFile_method_get_spirv>` **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)** |const|                                                   |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` | :ref:`get_version_list<class_RDShaderFile_method_get_version_list>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                     |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`set_bytecode<class_RDShaderFile_method_set_bytecode>` **(** :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` bytecode, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)** |
   +---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDShaderFile_property_base_error:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **base_error** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_base_error** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_base_error** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDShaderFile_method_get_spirv:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` **get_spirv** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderFile_method_get_version_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`PackedStringArray<class_PackedStringArray>` **get_version_list** **(** **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderFile_method_set_bytecode:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_bytecode** **(** :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` bytecode, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_rdshaderfile.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDShaderFile.xml.

.. _class_RDShaderFile:

RDShaderFile
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Compiled shader file in SPIR-V form (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`). Not to be confused with Godot's own :ref:`Shader<class_Shader>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Compiled shader file in SPIR-V form.

See also :ref:`RDShaderSource<class_RDShaderSource>`. **RDShaderFile** is only meant to be used with the :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>` API. It should not be confused with Godot's own :ref:`Shader<class_Shader>` resource, which is what Godot's various nodes use for high-level shader programming.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`base_error<class_RDShaderFile_property_base_error>` | ``""`` |
   +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` | :ref:`get_spirv<class_RDShaderFile_method_get_spirv>` **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)** |const|                                                   |
   +-------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StringName[]<class_StringName>`     | :ref:`get_version_list<class_RDShaderFile_method_get_version_list>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                     |
   +-------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                      | :ref:`set_bytecode<class_RDShaderFile_method_set_bytecode>` **(** :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` bytecode, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)** |
   +-------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDShaderFile_property_base_error:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **base_error** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_base_error** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_base_error** **(** **)**

The base compilation error message, which indicates errors not related to a specific shader stage if non-empty. If empty, shader compilation is not necessarily successful (check :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>`'s error message members).

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDShaderFile_method_get_spirv:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` **get_spirv** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)** |const|

Returns the SPIR-V intermediate representation for the specified shader ``version``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderFile_method_get_version_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`StringName[]<class_StringName>` **get_version_list** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the list of compiled versions for this shader.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderFile_method_set_bytecode:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_bytecode** **(** :ref:`RDShaderSPIRV<class_RDShaderSPIRV>` bytecode, :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` version=&"" **)**

Sets the SPIR-V ``bytecode`` that will be compiled for the specified ``version``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
