classes/class_rdshadersource.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDShaderSource.xml.

.. _class_RDShaderSource:

RDShaderSource
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` | :ref:`language<class_RDShaderSource_property_language>`                                           | ``0``  |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_compute<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_compute>`                               | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_fragment<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_fragment>`                             | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_tesselation_control<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_control>`       | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_tesselation_evaluation<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_evaluation>` | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_vertex<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_vertex>`                                 | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`get_stage_source<class_RDShaderSource_method_get_stage_source>` **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|                             |
   +-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`set_stage_source<class_RDShaderSource_method_set_stage_source>` **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)** |
   +-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_language:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` **language** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_language** **(** :ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` value **)**
- :ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` **get_language** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_compute:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_compute** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_fragment:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_fragment** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_control:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_tesselation_control** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_evaluation:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_tesselation_evaluation** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_vertex:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_vertex** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDShaderSource_method_get_stage_source:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_method_set_stage_source:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_rdshadersource.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDShaderSource.xml.

.. _class_RDShaderSource:

RDShaderSource
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Shader source code (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Shader source code in text form.

See also :ref:`RDShaderFile<class_RDShaderFile>`. **RDShaderSource** is only meant to be used with the :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>` API. It should not be confused with Godot's own :ref:`Shader<class_Shader>` resource, which is what Godot's various nodes use for high-level shader programming.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` | :ref:`language<class_RDShaderSource_property_language>`                                           | ``0``  |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_compute<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_compute>`                               | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_fragment<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_fragment>`                             | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_tesselation_control<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_control>`       | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_tesselation_evaluation<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_evaluation>` | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`source_vertex<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_vertex>`                                 | ``""`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`get_stage_source<class_RDShaderSource_method_get_stage_source>` **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|                             |
   +-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                        | :ref:`set_stage_source<class_RDShaderSource_method_set_stage_source>` **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)** |
   +-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_language:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` **language** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_language** **(** :ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` value **)**
- :ref:`ShaderLanguage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderLanguage>` **get_language** **(** **)**

The language the shader is written in.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_compute:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_compute** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

Source code for the shader's compute stage.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_fragment:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_fragment** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

Source code for the shader's fragment stage.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_control:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_tesselation_control** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

Source code for the shader's tessellation control stage.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_evaluation:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_tesselation_evaluation** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

Source code for the shader's tessellation evaluation stage.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_property_source_vertex:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_vertex** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

Source code for the shader's vertex stage.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_RDShaderSource_method_get_stage_source:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`String<class_String>` **get_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage **)** |const|

Returns source code for the specified shader ``stage``. Equivalent to getting one of :ref:`source_compute<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_compute>`, :ref:`source_fragment<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_fragment>`, :ref:`source_tesselation_control<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_control>`, :ref:`source_tesselation_evaluation<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_evaluation>` or :ref:`source_vertex<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_vertex>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDShaderSource_method_set_stage_source:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_stage_source** **(** :ref:`ShaderStage<enum_RenderingDevice_ShaderStage>` stage, :ref:`String<class_String>` source **)**

Sets ``source`` code for the specified shader ``stage``. Equivalent to setting one of :ref:`source_compute<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_compute>`, :ref:`source_fragment<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_fragment>`, :ref:`source_tesselation_control<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_control>`, :ref:`source_tesselation_evaluation<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_tesselation_evaluation>` or :ref:`source_vertex<class_RDShaderSource_property_source_vertex>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
