classes/class_worldboundaryshape2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/WorldBoundaryShape2D.xml.

.. _class_WorldBoundaryShape2D:

WorldBoundaryShape2D
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape2D<class_Shape2D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

World boundary (infinite plane) shape resource for 2D physics.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

2D world boundary shape to be added as a *direct* child of a :ref:`PhysicsBody2D<class_PhysicsBody2D>` or :ref:`Area2D<class_Area2D>` using a :ref:`CollisionShape2D<class_CollisionShape2D>` node. **WorldBoundaryShape2D** works like an infinite plane and will not allow any physics body to go to the negative side. Note that the :ref:`normal<class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_normal>` matters; anything "below" the plane will collide with it. If the **WorldBoundaryShape2D** is used in a :ref:`PhysicsBody2D<class_PhysicsBody2D>`, it will cause colliding objects placed "below" it to teleport "above" the plane.

\ **Performance:** Being a primitive collision shape, **WorldBoundaryShape2D** is fast to check collisions against.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`     | :ref:`distance<class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_distance>` | ``0.0``            |
   +-------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` | :ref:`normal<class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_normal>`     | ``Vector2(0, -1)`` |
   +-------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_distance:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **distance** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_distance** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_distance** **(** **)**

The line's distance from the origin.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_normal:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **normal** = ``Vector2(0, -1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_normal** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_normal** **(** **)**

The line's normal. Defaults to ``Vector2.UP``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_worldboundaryshape2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/WorldBoundaryShape2D.xml.

.. _class_WorldBoundaryShape2D:

WorldBoundaryShape2D
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape2D<class_Shape2D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A 2D world boundary (half-plane) shape used for physics collision.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A 2D world boundary shape, intended for use in physics. **WorldBoundaryShape2D** works like an infinite straight line that forces all physics bodies to stay above it. The line's normal determines which direction is considered as "above" and in the editor, the smaller line over it represents this direction. It can for example be used for endless flat floors.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`     | :ref:`distance<class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_distance>` | ``0.0``            |
   +-------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` | :ref:`normal<class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_normal>`     | ``Vector2(0, -1)`` |
   +-------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_distance:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **distance** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_distance** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_distance** **(** **)**

The line's distance from the origin.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_WorldBoundaryShape2D_property_normal:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **normal** = ``Vector2(0, -1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_normal** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_normal** **(** **)**

The line's normal. Defaults to ``Vector2.UP``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
