classes/class_popup.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/Popup.xml.

.. _class_Popup:

Popup
=====

**Inherits:** :ref:`Window<class_Window>` **<** :ref:`Viewport<class_Viewport>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`PopupMenu<class_PopupMenu>`, :ref:`PopupPanel<class_PopupPanel>`

Popup is a base window container for popup-like subwindows.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Popup is a base window container for popup-like subwindows. It's a modal by default (see :ref:`Window.popup_window<class_Window_property_popup_window>`) and has helpers for custom popup behavior.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | borderless    | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_borderless>`)    |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | popup_window  | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_popup_window>`)  |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | transient     | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_transient>`)     |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | unresizable   | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_unresizable>`)   |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | visible       | ``false`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_visible>`)      |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | wrap_controls | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_wrap_controls>`) |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_Popup_signal_popup_hide:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**popup_hide** **(** **)**

Emitted when the popup is hidden.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (9723077)

classes/class_popup.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/Popup.xml.

.. _class_Popup:

Popup
=====

**Inherits:** :ref:`Window<class_Window>` **<** :ref:`Viewport<class_Viewport>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`PopupMenu<class_PopupMenu>`, :ref:`PopupPanel<class_PopupPanel>`

Base class for contextual windows and panels with fixed position.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**Popup** is a base class for contextual windows and panels with fixed position. It's a modal by default (see :ref:`Window.popup_window<class_Window_property_popup_window>`) and provides methods for implementing custom popup behavior.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | borderless    | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_borderless>`)    |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | popup_window  | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_popup_window>`)  |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | transient     | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_transient>`)     |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | unresizable   | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_unresizable>`)   |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | visible       | ``false`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_visible>`)      |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | wrap_controls | ``true`` (overrides :ref:`Window<class_Window_property_wrap_controls>`) |
   +-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_Popup_signal_popup_hide:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**popup_hide** **(** **)**

Emitted when the popup is hidden.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
