classes/class_fogvolume.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FogVolume.xml.

.. _class_FogVolume:

FogVolume
=========

**Inherits:** :ref:`VisualInstance3D<class_VisualInstance3D>` **<** :ref:`Node3D<class_Node3D>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A node used to add local fog with the volumetric fog effect.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**FogVolume**\ s are used to add localized fog into the global volumetric fog effect. **FogVolume**\ s can also remove volumetric fog from specific areas if using a :ref:`FogMaterial<class_FogMaterial>` with a negative :ref:`FogMaterial.density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>`.

Performance of **FogVolume**\ s is directly related to their relative size on the screen and the complexity of their attached :ref:`FogMaterial<class_FogMaterial>`. It is best to keep **FogVolume**\ s relatively small and simple where possible.

\ **Note:** **FogVolume**\ s only have a visible effect if :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_enabled<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_enabled>` is ``true``. If you don't want fog to be globally visible (but only within **FogVolume** nodes), set :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_density<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_density>` to ``0.0``.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+
   | :ref:`Material<class_Material>`                            | :ref:`material<class_FogVolume_property_material>` |                      |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+
   | :ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` | :ref:`shape<class_FogVolume_property_shape>`       | ``3``                |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>`                              | :ref:`size<class_FogVolume_property_size>`         | ``Vector3(2, 2, 2)`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FogVolume_property_material:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Material<class_Material>` **material**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_material** **(** :ref:`Material<class_Material>` value **)**
- :ref:`Material<class_Material>` **get_material** **(** **)**

The :ref:`Material<class_Material>` used by the **FogVolume**. Can be either a built-in :ref:`FogMaterial<class_FogMaterial>` or a custom :ref:`ShaderMaterial<class_ShaderMaterial>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogVolume_property_shape:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` **shape** = ``3``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_shape** **(** :ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` value **)**
- :ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` **get_shape** **(** **)**

The shape of the **FogVolume**. This can be set to either :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX>` or :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_WORLD<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_WORLD>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogVolume_property_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **size** = ``Vector3(2, 2, 2)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_size** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_size** **(** **)**

The size of the **FogVolume** when :ref:`shape<class_FogVolume_property_shape>` is :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER>` or :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX>`.

\ **Note:** Thin fog volumes may appear to flicker when the camera moves or rotates. This can be alleviated by increasing :ref:`ProjectSettings.rendering/environment/volumetric_fog/volume_depth<class_ProjectSettings_property_rendering/environment/volumetric_fog/volume_depth>` (at a performance cost) or by decreasing :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_length<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_length>` (at no performance cost, but at the cost of lower fog range). Alternatively, the **FogVolume** can be made thicker and use a lower density in the :ref:`material<class_FogVolume_property_material>`.

\ **Note:** If :ref:`shape<class_FogVolume_property_shape>` is :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE>` or :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER>`, the cone/cylinder will be adjusted to fit within the size. Non-uniform scaling of cone/cylinder shapes via the :ref:`size<class_FogVolume_property_size>` property is not supported, but you can scale the **FogVolume** node instead.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (6da4ad1)

classes/class_fogvolume.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/FogVolume.xml.

.. _class_FogVolume:

FogVolume
=========

**Inherits:** :ref:`VisualInstance3D<class_VisualInstance3D>` **<** :ref:`Node3D<class_Node3D>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A region that contributes to the default volumetric fog from the world environment.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**FogVolume**\ s are used to add localized fog into the global volumetric fog effect. **FogVolume**\ s can also remove volumetric fog from specific areas if using a :ref:`FogMaterial<class_FogMaterial>` with a negative :ref:`FogMaterial.density<class_FogMaterial_property_density>`.

Performance of **FogVolume**\ s is directly related to their relative size on the screen and the complexity of their attached :ref:`FogMaterial<class_FogMaterial>`. It is best to keep **FogVolume**\ s relatively small and simple where possible.

\ **Note:** **FogVolume**\ s only have a visible effect if :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_enabled<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_enabled>` is ``true``. If you don't want fog to be globally visible (but only within **FogVolume** nodes), set :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_density<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_density>` to ``0.0``.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Volumetric fog and fog volumes <../tutorials/3d/volumetric_fog>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+
   | :ref:`Material<class_Material>`                            | :ref:`material<class_FogVolume_property_material>` |                      |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+
   | :ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` | :ref:`shape<class_FogVolume_property_shape>`       | ``3``                |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>`                              | :ref:`size<class_FogVolume_property_size>`         | ``Vector3(2, 2, 2)`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_FogVolume_property_material:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Material<class_Material>` **material**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_material** **(** :ref:`Material<class_Material>` value **)**
- :ref:`Material<class_Material>` **get_material** **(** **)**

The :ref:`Material<class_Material>` used by the **FogVolume**. Can be either a built-in :ref:`FogMaterial<class_FogMaterial>` or a custom :ref:`ShaderMaterial<class_ShaderMaterial>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogVolume_property_shape:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` **shape** = ``3``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_shape** **(** :ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` value **)**
- :ref:`FogVolumeShape<enum_RenderingServer_FogVolumeShape>` **get_shape** **(** **)**

The shape of the **FogVolume**. This can be set to either :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX>` or :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_WORLD<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_WORLD>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_FogVolume_property_size:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **size** = ``Vector3(2, 2, 2)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_size** **(** :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` value **)**
- :ref:`Vector3<class_Vector3>` **get_size** **(** **)**

The size of the **FogVolume** when :ref:`shape<class_FogVolume_property_shape>` is :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_ELLIPSOID>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE>`, :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER>` or :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_BOX>`.

\ **Note:** Thin fog volumes may appear to flicker when the camera moves or rotates. This can be alleviated by increasing :ref:`ProjectSettings.rendering/environment/volumetric_fog/volume_depth<class_ProjectSettings_property_rendering/environment/volumetric_fog/volume_depth>` (at a performance cost) or by decreasing :ref:`Environment.volumetric_fog_length<class_Environment_property_volumetric_fog_length>` (at no performance cost, but at the cost of lower fog range). Alternatively, the **FogVolume** can be made thicker and use a lower density in the :ref:`material<class_FogVolume_property_material>`.

\ **Note:** If :ref:`shape<class_FogVolume_property_shape>` is :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CONE>` or :ref:`RenderingServer.FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER<class_RenderingServer_constant_FOG_VOLUME_SHAPE_CYLINDER>`, the cone/cylinder will be adjusted to fit within the size. Non-uniform scaling of cone/cylinder shapes via the :ref:`size<class_FogVolume_property_size>` property is not supported, but you can scale the **FogVolume** node instead.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
