classes/class_animationnodeblendspace1d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D:

AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D
=========================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` **<** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Blends linearly between two of any number of :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` of any type placed on a virtual axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resource to add to an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`.

This is a virtual axis on which you can add any type of :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` using :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>`.

Outputs the linear blend of the two :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>`\ s closest to the node's current value.

You can set the extents of the axis using the :ref:`min_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_min_space>` and :ref:`max_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_max_space>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` | :ref:`blend_mode<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_blend_mode>`   | ``0``       |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`max_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_max_space>`     | ``1.0``     |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`min_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_min_space>`     | ``-1.0``    |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`snap<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_snap>`               | ``0.1``     |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`sync<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_sync>`               | ``false``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`value_label<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_value_label>` | ``"value"`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>` **(** :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos, :ref:`int<class_int>` at_index=-1 **)** |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                             | :ref:`get_blend_point_count<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_count>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` | :ref:`get_blend_point_node<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_node>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|                                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                         | :ref:`get_blend_point_position<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_position>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|                                                                    |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`remove_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_remove_blend_point>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)**                                                                                        |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`set_blend_point_node<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_node>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node **)**                            |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`set_blend_point_position<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_position>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos **)**                                             |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **BlendMode**:

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_INTERPOLATED:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **BLEND_MODE_INTERPOLATED** = ``0``

The interpolation between animations is linear.

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE** = ``1``

The blend space plays the animation of the node the blending position is closest to. Useful for frame-by-frame 2D animations.

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE_CARRY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE_CARRY** = ``2``

Similar to :ref:`BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE>`, but starts the new animation at the last animation's playback position.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_blend_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **blend_mode** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_blend_mode** **(** :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **get_blend_mode** **(** **)**

Controls the interpolation between animations. See :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` constants.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_max_space:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **max_space** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_max_space** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_max_space** **(** **)**

The blend space's axis's upper limit for the points' position. See :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_min_space:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **min_space** = ``-1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_min_space** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_min_space** **(** **)**

The blend space's axis's lower limit for the points' position. See :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_snap:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **snap** = ``0.1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_snap** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_snap** **(** **)**

Position increment to snap to when moving a point on the axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **sync** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_use_sync** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_using_sync** **(** **)**

If ``false``, the blended animations' frame are stopped when the blend value is ``0``.

If ``true``, forcing the blended animations to advance frame.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_value_label:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **value_label** = ``"value"``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_value_label** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_value_label** **(** **)**

Label of the virtual axis of the blend space.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_blend_point** **(** :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos, :ref:`int<class_int>` at_index=-1 **)**

Adds a new point that represents a ``node`` on the virtual axis at a given position set by ``pos``. You can insert it at a specific index using the ``at_index`` argument. If you use the default value for ``at_index``, the point is inserted at the end of the blend points array.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_blend_point_count** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the number of points on the blend axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` **get_blend_point_node** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|

Returns the :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` referenced by the point at index ``point``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`float<class_float>` **get_blend_point_position** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|

Returns the position of the point at index ``point``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_remove_blend_point:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_blend_point** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)**

Removes the point at index ``point`` from the blend axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_blend_point_node** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node **)**

Changes the :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` referenced by the point at index ``point``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_blend_point_position** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos **)**

Updates the position of the point at index ``point`` on the blend axis.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (2210111)

classes/class_animationnodeblendspace1d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D:

AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D
=========================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` **<** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A set of :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>`\ s placed on a virtual axis, crossfading between the two adjacent ones. Used by :ref:`AnimationTree<class_AnimationTree>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resource used by :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`.

\ **AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D** represents a virtual axis on which any type of :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>`\ s can be added using :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>`. Outputs the linear blend of the two :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>`\ s adjacent to the current value.

You can set the extents of the axis with :ref:`min_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_min_space>` and :ref:`max_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_max_space>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` | :ref:`blend_mode<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_blend_mode>`   | ``0``       |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`max_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_max_space>`     | ``1.0``     |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`min_space<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_min_space>`     | ``-1.0``    |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                                  | :ref:`snap<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_snap>`               | ``0.1``     |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                    | :ref:`sync<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_sync>`               | ``false``   |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>`                                | :ref:`value_label<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_value_label>` | ``"value"`` |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>` **(** :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos, :ref:`int<class_int>` at_index=-1 **)** |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                             | :ref:`get_blend_point_count<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_count>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` | :ref:`get_blend_point_node<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_node>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|                                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                         | :ref:`get_blend_point_position<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_position>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|                                                                    |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`remove_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_remove_blend_point>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)**                                                                                        |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`set_blend_point_node<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_node>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node **)**                            |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                              | :ref:`set_blend_point_position<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_position>` **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos **)**                                             |
   +---------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **BlendMode**:

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_INTERPOLATED:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **BLEND_MODE_INTERPOLATED** = ``0``

The interpolation between animations is linear.

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE** = ``1``

The blend space plays the animation of the node the blending position is closest to. Useful for frame-by-frame 2D animations.

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE_CARRY:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE_CARRY** = ``2``

Similar to :ref:`BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_constant_BLEND_MODE_DISCRETE>`, but starts the new animation at the last animation's playback position.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_blend_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **blend_mode** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_blend_mode** **(** :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` **get_blend_mode** **(** **)**

Controls the interpolation between animations. See :ref:`BlendMode<enum_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_BlendMode>` constants.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_max_space:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **max_space** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_max_space** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_max_space** **(** **)**

The blend space's axis's upper limit for the points' position. See :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_min_space:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **min_space** = ``-1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_min_space** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_min_space** **(** **)**

The blend space's axis's lower limit for the points' position. See :ref:`add_blend_point<class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_snap:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **snap** = ``0.1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_snap** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_snap** **(** **)**

Position increment to snap to when moving a point on the axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_sync:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **sync** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_use_sync** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_using_sync** **(** **)**

If ``false``, the blended animations' frame are stopped when the blend value is ``0``.

If ``true``, forcing the blended animations to advance frame.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_property_value_label:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **value_label** = ``"value"``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_value_label** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_value_label** **(** **)**

Label of the virtual axis of the blend space.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_add_blend_point:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_blend_point** **(** :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos, :ref:`int<class_int>` at_index=-1 **)**

Adds a new point that represents a ``node`` on the virtual axis at a given position set by ``pos``. You can insert it at a specific index using the ``at_index`` argument. If you use the default value for ``at_index``, the point is inserted at the end of the blend points array.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_count:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`int<class_int>` **get_blend_point_count** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the number of points on the blend axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` **get_blend_point_node** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|

Returns the :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` referenced by the point at index ``point``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_get_blend_point_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`float<class_float>` **get_blend_point_position** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)** |const|

Returns the position of the point at index ``point``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_remove_blend_point:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_blend_point** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point **)**

Removes the point at index ``point`` from the blend axis.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_blend_point_node** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`AnimationRootNode<class_AnimationRootNode>` node **)**

Changes the :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` referenced by the point at index ``point``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AnimationNodeBlendSpace1D_method_set_blend_point_position:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_blend_point_position** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` point, :ref:`float<class_float>` pos **)**

Updates the position of the point at index ``point`` on the blend axis.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
