classes/class_rdpipelinecolorblendstate.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDPipelineColorBlendState.xml.

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState:

RDPipelineColorBlendState
=========================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` | :ref:`attachments<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_attachments>`         | ``[]``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`                                                               | :ref:`blend_constant<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_blend_constant>`   | ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                                                 | :ref:`enable_logic_op<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_enable_logic_op>` | ``false``             |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>`                              | :ref:`logic_op<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_logic_op>`               | ``0``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_attachments:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` **attachments** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_attachments** **(** :ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` value **)**
- :ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` **get_attachments** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_blend_constant:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **blend_constant** = ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_blend_constant** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_blend_constant** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_enable_logic_op:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_logic_op** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_logic_op** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_logic_op** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_logic_op:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>` **logic_op** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_logic_op** **(** :ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>` value **)**
- :ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>` **get_logic_op** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (c64afeb)

classes/class_rdpipelinecolorblendstate.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/RDPipelineColorBlendState.xml.

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState:

RDPipelineColorBlendState
=========================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Pipeline color blend state (used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This object is used by :ref:`RenderingDevice<class_RenderingDevice>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` | :ref:`attachments<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_attachments>`         | ``[]``                |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`                                                               | :ref:`blend_constant<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_blend_constant>`   | ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                                                 | :ref:`enable_logic_op<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_enable_logic_op>` | ``false``             |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
   | :ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>`                              | :ref:`logic_op<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_logic_op>`               | ``0``                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_attachments:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` **attachments** = ``[]``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_attachments** **(** :ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` value **)**
- :ref:`RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment[]<class_RDPipelineColorBlendStateAttachment>` **get_attachments** **(** **)**

The attachments that are blended together.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_blend_constant:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **blend_constant** = ``Color(0, 0, 0, 1)``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_blend_constant** **(** :ref:`Color<class_Color>` value **)**
- :ref:`Color<class_Color>` **get_blend_constant** **(** **)**

The constant color to blend with. See also :ref:`RenderingDevice.draw_list_set_blend_constants<class_RenderingDevice_method_draw_list_set_blend_constants>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_enable_logic_op:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **enable_logic_op** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_enable_logic_op** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **get_enable_logic_op** **(** **)**

If ``true``, performs the logic operation defined in :ref:`logic_op<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_logic_op>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_logic_op:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>` **logic_op** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_logic_op** **(** :ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>` value **)**
- :ref:`LogicOperation<enum_RenderingDevice_LogicOperation>` **get_logic_op** **(** **)**

The logic operation to perform for blending. Only effective if :ref:`enable_logic_op<class_RDPipelineColorBlendState_property_enable_logic_op>` is ``true``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
