classes/class_capsuleshape3d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/CapsuleShape3D.xml.

.. _class_CapsuleShape3D:

CapsuleShape3D
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape3D<class_Shape3D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Capsule shape resource for 3D collisions.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

3D capsule shape to be added as a *direct* child of a :ref:`PhysicsBody3D<class_PhysicsBody3D>` or :ref:`Area3D<class_Area3D>` using a :ref:`CollisionShape3D<class_CollisionShape3D>` node. In 3D, a capsule is a cylinder shape with hemispheres at both ends.

\ **Performance:** Being a primitive collision shape, **CapsuleShape3D** is fast to check collisions against (though not as fast as :ref:`SphereShape3D<class_SphereShape3D>`). **CapsuleShape3D** is cheaper to check collisions against compared to :ref:`CylinderShape3D<class_CylinderShape3D>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `3D Physics Tests Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/675>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`height<class_CapsuleShape3D_property_height>` | ``2.0`` |
   +---------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`radius<class_CapsuleShape3D_property_radius>` | ``0.5`` |
   +---------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+---------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_CapsuleShape3D_property_height:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **height** = ``2.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_height** **(** **)**

The capsule's height.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CapsuleShape3D_property_radius:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **radius** = ``0.5``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_radius** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_radius** **(** **)**

The capsule's radius.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_capsuleshape3d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/CapsuleShape3D.xml.

.. _class_CapsuleShape3D:

CapsuleShape3D
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape3D<class_Shape3D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A 3D capsule shape used for physics collision.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A 3D capsule shape, intended for use in physics. Usually used to provide a shape for a :ref:`CollisionShape3D<class_CollisionShape3D>`.

\ **Performance:** **CapsuleShape3D** is fast to check collisions against. It is faster than :ref:`CylinderShape3D<class_CylinderShape3D>`, but slower than :ref:`SphereShape3D<class_SphereShape3D>` and :ref:`BoxShape3D<class_BoxShape3D>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `3D Physics Tests Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/675>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`height<class_CapsuleShape3D_property_height>` | ``2.0`` |
   +---------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+---------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>` | :ref:`radius<class_CapsuleShape3D_property_radius>` | ``0.5`` |
   +---------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+---------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_CapsuleShape3D_property_height:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **height** = ``2.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_height** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_height** **(** **)**

The capsule's height.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_CapsuleShape3D_property_radius:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **radius** = ``0.5``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_radius** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_radius** **(** **)**

The capsule's radius.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
