classes/class_animationnodeoutput.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeOutput.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeOutput:

AnimationNodeOutput
===================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Generic output node to be added to :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

- `3D Platformer Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/125>`__

- `Third Person Shooter Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/678>`__

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (2210111)

classes/class_animationnodeoutput.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AnimationNodeOutput.xml.

.. _class_AnimationNodeOutput:

AnimationNodeOutput
===================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AnimationNode<class_AnimationNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

The animation output node of an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A node created automatically in an :ref:`AnimationNodeBlendTree<class_AnimationNodeBlendTree>` that outputs the final animation.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using AnimationTree <../tutorials/animation/animation_tree>`

- `3D Platformer Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/125>`__

- `Third Person Shooter Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/678>`__

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
