classes/class_convexpolygonshape2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ConvexPolygonShape2D.xml.

.. _class_ConvexPolygonShape2D:

ConvexPolygonShape2D
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape2D<class_Shape2D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Convex polygon shape resource for 2D physics.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

2D convex polygon shape to be added as a *direct* child of a :ref:`PhysicsBody2D<class_PhysicsBody2D>` or :ref:`Area2D<class_Area2D>` using a :ref:`CollisionShape2D<class_CollisionShape2D>` node. A convex polygon, whatever its shape, is internally decomposed into as many convex polygons as needed to ensure all collision checks against it are always done on convex polygons (which are faster to check). See also :ref:`CollisionPolygon2D<class_CollisionPolygon2D>`.

The main difference between a **ConvexPolygonShape2D** and a :ref:`ConcavePolygonShape2D<class_ConcavePolygonShape2D>` is that a concave polygon assumes it is concave and uses a more complex method of collision detection, and a convex one forces itself to be convex to speed up collision detection.

\ **Performance:** **ConvexPolygonShape2D** is faster to check collisions against compared to :ref:`ConcavePolygonShape2D<class_ConcavePolygonShape2D>`, but it is slower than primitive collision shapes such as :ref:`CircleShape2D<class_CircleShape2D>` or :ref:`RectangleShape2D<class_RectangleShape2D>`. Its use should generally be limited to medium-sized objects that cannot have their collision accurately represented by a primitive shape.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` | :ref:`points<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_property_points>` | ``PackedVector2Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`set_point_cloud<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_method_set_point_cloud>` **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` point_cloud **)** |
   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_property_points:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **points** = ``PackedVector2Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_points** **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **get_points** **(** **)**

The polygon's list of vertices. Can be in either clockwise or counterclockwise order. Only set this property with convex hull points, use :ref:`set_point_cloud<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_method_set_point_cloud>` to generate a convex hull shape from concave shape points.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_method_set_point_cloud:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_point_cloud** **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` point_cloud **)**

Based on the set of points provided, this creates and assigns the :ref:`points<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_property_points>` property using the convex hull algorithm. Removing all unneeded points. See :ref:`Geometry2D.convex_hull<class_Geometry2D_method_convex_hull>` for details.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (543750a)

classes/class_convexpolygonshape2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/ConvexPolygonShape2D.xml.

.. _class_ConvexPolygonShape2D:

ConvexPolygonShape2D
====================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Shape2D<class_Shape2D>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A 2D convex polygon shape used for physics collision.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A 2D convex polygon shape, intended for use in physics. Used internally in :ref:`CollisionPolygon2D<class_CollisionPolygon2D>` when it's in ``BUILD_SOLIDS`` mode.

\ **ConvexPolygonShape2D** is *solid*, which means it detects collisions from objects that are fully inside it, unlike :ref:`ConcavePolygonShape2D<class_ConcavePolygonShape2D>` which is hollow. This makes it more suitable for both detection and physics.

\ **Convex decomposition:** A concave polygon can be split up into several convex polygons. This allows dynamic physics bodies to have complex concave collisions (at a performance cost) and can be achieved by using several :ref:`ConvexPolygonShape3D<class_ConvexPolygonShape3D>` nodes or by using the :ref:`CollisionPolygon2D<class_CollisionPolygon2D>` node in ``BUILD_SOLIDS`` mode. To generate a collision polygon from a sprite, select the :ref:`Sprite2D<class_Sprite2D>` node, go to the **Sprite2D** menu that appears above the viewport, and choose **Create Polygon2D Sibling**.

\ **Performance:** **ConvexPolygonShape2D** is faster to check collisions against compared to :ref:`ConcavePolygonShape2D<class_ConcavePolygonShape2D>`, but it is slower than primitive collision shapes such as :ref:`CircleShape2D<class_CircleShape2D>` and :ref:`RectangleShape2D<class_RectangleShape2D>`. Its use should generally be limited to medium-sized objects that cannot have their collision accurately represented by primitive shapes.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
   | :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` | :ref:`points<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_property_points>` | ``PackedVector2Array()`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`set_point_cloud<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_method_set_point_cloud>` **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` point_cloud **)** |
   +------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_property_points:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **points** = ``PackedVector2Array()``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_points** **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` value **)**
- :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` **get_points** **(** **)**

The polygon's list of vertices that form a convex hull. Can be in either clockwise or counterclockwise order.

\ **Warning:** Only set this property to a list of points that actually form a convex hull. Use :ref:`set_point_cloud<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_method_set_point_cloud>` to generate the convex hull of an arbitrary set of points.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_method_set_point_cloud:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_point_cloud** **(** :ref:`PackedVector2Array<class_PackedVector2Array>` point_cloud **)**

Based on the set of points provided, this assigns the :ref:`points<class_ConvexPolygonShape2D_property_points>` property using the convex hull algorithm, removing all unneeded points. See :ref:`Geometry2D.convex_hull<class_Geometry2D_method_convex_hull>` for details.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
